yes, lisa went to their lawyer (david) this morn
williams contact?
from saturday-monday..did 194 trades, exactly half internal.  how'd george do?
you got it
I am sorry,  who drafted the amendment?
why thats no good
Sure
whatever.
Everything is lumped together, meaning price, basis, and index, in that file.  DG
that is what I plan on going as for Halloween PL
just for the stuff i have put up with, im pretty sure anyone else would have killed her
The pricing information on the website is fine.
I haven't talked w/ him for awhile.  I will give him a call.
Importance:	High  Could you send me 4/29/01, I don't see it in the file you sent.  		Thanks 		Chris
I'll take care of it and if there's anything we need to do, I'll let you know.  Best, Jeff
thanks, that looks great!
Here are the settles.  Thanks.  John
I missed half of it but it was pretty good.  Ben found out thatDFelicity cheated on him
i guess we'll see.  so what was my answer to your proposal?
i am attempting to coordinate a tax w Roger W, Warren Schick, and Tom Meers
Done will have a new confirm sent
What about tomorrow?  Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
ok when?
Perry can you please take a look at this for Kim?  Thanks Dennis
Outside of normal business lines is outside of the pipelines and therefore is not subject to being an issue here.
No problem..go ahead.
i'll ask
I think it would be best to get those terms in this agreement.
no not at all, just at sarah
I won't give you Charlton Heston, but maybe Marky Mark.
In what capacity?  Is that instead of Marcus Datson?
Okay.  Why don't you let me know on Monday your availability for next week.  Thanks!  Marie
Importance: High
Sure.  Want to meet on 2?  One of us can try and find a table.
Always.  By the way, did you have further thoughts about a call to develop a comprehensive Nevada strategy?
Thank you!
you don't know what that means?  where did you grow up? india?
Greg A. Swidensky [gaswidensky@duke-energy.com]
Mike,  Steve is still producing his numbers under the Research Group logo.  Vince
Team,  Attached is our latest draft - have a great thanksgiving.  -Rebecca
ok
you make me mean
you are jack frost the jack ass!!  he he
Thanks, I just left her another. B
Is there a definition of Consolidated Minimumu Tangible Net Worth to work from?
thanks Stacy!
yes
Not at all...I just now got my offer letter...FINALLY.  What about you? Anything exciting?
I think chuck will do these
yes
Will work for food.
whatever. i'll call when i'm walking out and i'm sure i'll wait 45 minutes. asshole.
Here are the quotes...
I didn't realize there was a choice.
you're done on the 85% discount ?
really, so who then, me?
Just touching base to see if you heard from Jeff.
can i come tomorrow-- i have a couple of meetings today
Any word?  We need those cards and passwords...
o:\_dropbox\colin  give it a try and let me know.
it goes by record then points
you'd think he'd go abroad on vacation or something until things cooled down, non?
yep whats up
not fair
i would do just the rb's
i am all hot and bothered.
i cant commit ...i'm 50/50 so say no.  will send bat on next continental flight.
Need to be quicker on the draw than that buddy.
yes...the email address is susan_m_scott@hotmail.com
Homemade.. you need to check the numbers
nope sorry
great. yes.  I will be picking a jury on monday. can you be flexible re timeframe
It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.  ds
FYI:
deal, but I won't be able to until next week.  This week is crazy!
They look fine to me also!  Thks Brad!  Sheila
really?
Yes
come over at your convenience and I will explain all
Buenos dias to you.  I have yahoo.   Leg hurts.  Did not sleep so well.
How is that weak baboon heart of yours??
Are you starting this week??
i think that we are going to go workout and then we can all go somewhere.  is that ok?
thats a very good point, i need to work that out, how are you feeling
i know.  i saw you!  yuck
Change in MTM assumptions.  Numbers were finalized on Oct 1.  Martha
my 401k is now worthless.  i have no money.
how about saturday?  what time is good for you?
You better believe it.  I'll bring my photos for the "magazine" shoot.
thanks PL
Per your voice mail.
See ya up there, amigo.  I look fwd to hearing about the trip.  -M
Krishna,  I have already sent the letter.  Vince
ruggles at dyron
so what about the airport?
yep
nothing, just sitting here staring at the wall.
760 Newfield Middletown, CT  06457  Contact Name:  Harcourt Davis Contact Fax:  860-343-5101  Thanks, r
sounds like a job for someone we know.  got it jr?
the sitara deal looks correct
i am out of town.  i am in portland.  you can buy me dinner when we get back.
Yes
cause you played hooky this morn?
Dirk,  Can you give me this guy's email (Mccrory, Ian ). i want to contact him.
I was making a joke that your friend sees you every month
are you coming to the front porch
Any officer can sign for Enron -- generally speaking, we like to have the BU head sign.  Michelle
What was it?  stacey
Thanks.  I'll be there.
THANK YOU!
no one would ever beat me.
sounds good to me
mullet
8 hours
I was in S.A. until this morning.  I need sleep tonight.  We'll get it done.
i wish that i could show you my blackberry.  it's funny
will do.
kmpresto@hotmail.com
Thanks - much appreciated.
Do you have good taste when it comes to picking out women's clothes?
I'm sorry, let me know if there is anything I can do.
Let's grab some chow
you are right you got www.nymexinfo.com
you going to have a job when this is all over?
Sometimes twice is nice.
so I guess I have to start calling you fancy pants.  Just call me THE HARPOON. PL
because youre ignoring me you big jerk
Is this moving forward?  Jim
forget it
whose the best photographer
you are in trouble
your welcome
i have to finish something for ny.  what's up?
Like who Anderson? Rio Alto? Canadian?
why not
Where are you?
Thank you.
What PC did you hit
Do you want to be involved in the discussion with Patagonia?   Where are Patagonia's offices?
we'll be there all night
Pls. see attached.
Thursday and Friday (11/27 & 11/28) are both holidays.  Please make the appropriate changes.  Errol
ha...no roping...seriously..you got to figure it out for yourself..who knows what the heck i'm doin..ugh
thx.  Please send an update (this afternoon or in the morning).
Goldstein.
NO !!! Thank God!!
ugh
don't even start down that road. I really can't take it right now.
Draft Change Order   Sorry about that.
I would confirm Jerry's comments.  Regards.
Thanks.
I can be there at 2:30 if that is good for you.
FYI
tomorrow's fine
what are your plans for this weekend, regarding nickie's wedding?  ckl
whatever.  i think you are messing around and you probably love the comparisson.
This is just from GS, the market data is not out yet
Nope, no relation.  We're only related to poor Pereiras!!  Susan
missed it - you must think i am a perve  how is the new floor
http://www.energy.ca.gov/electricity/wscc_database_location.html check this out
Me too!
I heard that.  How was the floor meeting?  Stacey
see what happens when i try and have a nice conversation
I'M SORRY
yup!  Ken Powers (402) 398-7065
damn, thought you forgot
Mich, lets get Kelly and Dawn on phone. I thought we could assign without ee's needed to do anything further?
NO MEETING. COME AND GET ME.
Thanks for the info guys.  Jim
Joannie,  Thanks. I think dinner is a better forum for Jeff.  Vince
looks like $35 plus surcharges.
I'll check with Sally and see if she already has - if not Sonia can update it.  Leslie
I wish...that would be my dream job!
I wish! I've been sitting here trying to figure out how I can see you today.
Elliot,  When would you like to contact Patagonia?
Indy and KC in KC
I knew you would like that
no, you are wearing a skirt, like me!
yes
Sorry, I don't.  Michelle
thanx.
no not yet
i am tired.  you snore.
Shona -  Someone will be down today to set up the books themselves.  Thanks
I gave Raimund his number and asked him to follow up.
i have stronger will than you think. house of pies here i come.
I did the first screen, which looked ok to me.  I couldn't get to other screens.  Michelle
check out this site www.christiancouns.org/index2.html  I am sorry...I don't know what to do.  I am so sorry.
thanks for the heads up kevin!
I'll come see you after lunch.  Thanks, Kim.
poor you
No problem  Stacey
Marci,  Do you know the monetary impact of the changes?!  Thanks. Casey
are you going to come back
Updated list.
you are annoying me.  what do you want to do?
The cost basis is $12.068 per share.  See attached.
so are you two getting along better?  you don't think you are...cute!
Thank you, Randy.  Kim.
Importance: High   fyi...
you have such a temper.
Thanks.
what did you get
its working, im going to go smoke
you don't know how much I miss it!
right.
This is an asset purchase (a mothballed oil pipeline for conversion to nat gas).  Robert Guthrie did not attend.
ok, now i feel like i'm doing somethig worthwhile.
Oct02-Mar03 offered at .01 Jan03-Feb03 offeed at .02  Regards,  Jon
Goo with Madeira sauce would be good too!
at some point it has to or we're going to shut-in economics.  that may be the answer.
Zimin,  I shall be in California on Thu.  Vince
ok
She's no longer here, and has applied directly to the website..
No
i'll have to think about it.
really?  like what?
Rebecca, 	Should I pay Tenaska?  Amt is $12,000  Thanks, Elsie
How's it going?  It sucks.  Next question?
tamu lost by 10.
he was trying to get lucky
want to go?
We sent him our combined list of Texas customers, EOL and Origination.
Great audio clip.
Is this a place that is big enough to handle some extras?
as in hours days or weeks?
noted
Not a chance -
thanks!!
Thanks.
sometimes fate plays a little bit of a hand..but for the most part i agree
um nope.  are you?
I mean Susan.  I assume you are talking about Susan Pereira.
I actually invited him thinking there was no way he would come. Damn
Thanks.
yes
I didnt say anything bad, actually it was a compliment
SHE'S FLYING IN FRIDAY NIGHT AND IF YOUR COMING TO VISIT YOU BETTER BE PREPARED TO CHANGE DIAPERS!
at least I made $100 for my services
Ha bloody ha
ha!ha! aren't you funny. looking.
has there been a big run up in the pricing on this metal.   BT
yes i know!
I will see if I can move it forward.  I'll keep you posted.   Thanks.  Jean
i know i love it
Looks nice
TOMARROW.
thanks
ok try again
I brought it up last night
Bob Hillier.
Hey,  When are you going to visit again?
Hey Nicole - Did you accidentally send me this reminder?
im not, that was very cute,youre killing me
great job...i am impressed.
both inside and outside ene ( i heard from kayvan this morning) JA- youngest MD at Christmas odds?
don't want to
Nick,  EESI would be bid at $48.00/MWD for 100MW's.  Thanks,  Richard
gotcha...hey, who do you know at j. aron?
bueno, thanks.  let me know when you want to get some beers - hdt
Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim
i am not letting you out of this
as you can see, I'm trying to keep it, otherwise I will buy you a drink, anytime.
they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter?
I'll be at my desk.
I have not heard this
what?  what did i do?  i'm about to come up there and kick your butt!
Thanks for your help Kate!
I am working on it
huh?
I am trying to get a babysitter tinight what are you doing
thank you
I am fine with this.  GP
Sorry about that.  I'll get back to you with some other dates.
portland
i feel for you huby to be then
No comment
i'm not.
i'm glad to hear that things with sarah will work out perfectly.  that's good for you.
I'm just glad you are working today.  Makes me feel good.
lets go now
Shirleen --  Can you please send me the most recent version?  Thanks.
I wish I could, but I have a paralegal lunch today.
I've put it on the calendar.  I'll check and make sure you actually got to take it.
I usually do, but she's been holding out.
anytime
gracias
because of my big mouth
bad mormon brian
you have to go for work
flemingryan99@hotmail.com  I am going back for Matt's stag this weekend :)  Got Air Canada Websaver flight for $340.
Not before you scheduled the meeting.   Only as a result of it.
Should I send comments to Andy Granger at fax no. 860-297-0301?
You bet! Have a great week-end!
gracias
Tuesday good.   I am at 680 , where the heck are you?  JMF
on vacation
I think we have a moral obligation to pay -- yeah right.  I'm good.
Today at 3.30 then. Do you want me to come by your desk or meet you at the coffee shop?
No bullets today
you are making me blush.
that makes you an eve bigger brat.
Good morning..
Osman,  Here it is. Sorry for the delay.  Vince
Do you mind if I get you a check on payday?
stomach problems
i am figurin gout how you really are!  i'm smart that way.  i don't like you today!
thanks.
I don't understand this e-mail.
me thinks you both are a little imbalanced
now
nope
colorado beat texas a&m.  i know you remember the bet.
my plan worked
sybil:  can we conference you in with Ted and Enron treasury??
I mean 15 inches aiento tu coola.  JMF
I'll change it. Thanks
9
probablyl gonna just kick it
we have to open accounts and we're doing that now.  G
oh.  i can't keep up with you!
sounds good!
Hunter says Bass is in.
robin barbie, i dont think so, should be back monday, why?
it's in there.  642595
no just David !
selective memory maybe
what?
yes,   can you attend the lunch tomorrow.  Thanks, Karen.
Thank you.  I will tell her.  Tom
why?  what happened?  i am feeling sick.  i honestly cannot hear this Enron crap all day long!
Yes, although it's no big deal to leave it in.
no availability...
yes  i did, from what you mentioned it seemed as if we are a potential take over targe.
where did you go, youre in trouble
August 16 @ 12:24 on United 1104?  Dave
Thanks alot.
you may need to attend for continuity reasons.
no
better get used to it.  its our world, you're just renting space and paying bills.
hurry hurry
thnx
RRRIIGGHHTT
She is the cutest little thing.
thanks.  Jeff
never mind.  i wanted a snack and i think that you owe me.  :)
Please call Eva Rainer and give her the details.  Thanks
I asked you first.  Are you going to be without your car all week?  That is a bummer.
These invoices are approved. Thanks.
how could i be mad at you
old one. thanks!.
Where is West Main
approved
I think a rebuttal would be in order if others agree.
yep just got in
The move has been very smooth
that is working out perfect for you
I wasn't at this meeting (I was out yesterday).
Paula,  Thanks. 6:15 works for me. What is dress code at Sullivan's?  Vince
it works.  thanks again.
call me
Yes, they are in the acquisition mode. I think the stock will do OK long-term.  Vince
yes, i may attend in the am before the prc. rick
What? There must be some misunderstanding
i dont know are you?
simple answer
41234 or 48341
Nice shots.
great. thanks!.  Karen.
Oops.  Hey, Mac and I are CFA's.  It is good to be done.
YES!!  I have to get money.
No.  His e-mail is physics123@yahoo.com and home number is 7-662-3006
sure
I will get them done today.
Thank you, Vince.  Gwyn
no clue.  not a movie buff.
Yuup
Thanks
Want a cookie??
today is the day
Citi
YES
Thanks!  lisa
everyone.  i thought that you weren't talking to me for a while?
Rosemary,  My cell phone number has changed.  It is 713 416 5059.  Thanks, Kim.
upstairs or downstairs?
that depends
Great job on the Dunn letter, by the way!
Can you respond to greg on this.
I absolutely could not BELIEVE that he sent this note. Unreal.
Great time Sat night.  Thanks for the invite.  How is Christina?
Did not go out because of the heat and not feeling well. Would like togo one night this week.
i would have to regulate
are you up for todays game?
ITs looking like a reduced NetCo - we are having huge problems with a round peg and square hole
ok
sure
ok thanks
Vladi, nu konechno I pridu! da esche i s podarkami :-)  E~
I will call him again on Monday.  Do I get a commission.  Just kidding.
John,  Thank you very much  Vladi

thank you!
yeah i know.  i'm looking at that now.
Thank you very much for all your help.  Jon
i hope that you are right.
You are so enthusiastic.
When are we going?
Could you please add me to this distribution list for any issues regarding the DPR?   Thanks
ok
You're NEVER oversensitive, just sensitive.
there is your precious ONE deal for the month.  It only took 3 weeks to put it in.
maybe after the game.
how bout i bring it?
anything come of this?
Woohoo
yea right.  on what?  corporate marketing?   ha,ha,ha
No time out to report
Thurs, 10/4 is good for me.  Let me know what time.  Thanks!
Thank you.  KK
the offer is 4.275
still goin?
Yes.  Approximately 5,000 annual for ETS.  None of the other companies are listed.
very nice
Wednesday at 10 is fine; are you still at EB4711?
I have no objection.
Punch him bubba.  cmm
here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have  Kent
youre late
why are futs still so high? did you ever find anything about those s+p commodity futures contracts?
I've sent this to litigation unit.  MHC
I faxed you the alcoa ISDA immediately after we spoke.  It should be in NY right now.
yes. it came to the office.  i sent it to the yesterday.
Yeah, right.  I wish! I am working for Chris still and Scott Neal.
Black Lab?
ok harris.  thanks
What time and day works for you?
that was bbtu- i've resent with correction
did you send this to Louise and John L?
34523
ok
great -- let me know your feedback.
the nymex number is 1-800-438-8616
Oops.  Yeah, Aleck.  Too bad.  Talked to Sue. She's fine with it.  Will call Pat shortly.
everything is not okay
Debra,  Does this kind of thing go on alot?  Steve
None that I am aware.
Give me a minute, 7143-584-1234
That's no good for us.
Kay,  Will deliver to you shortly.  Susan
http://livelinkeu.corp.enron.com/LiveLink/LiveLink.exe/81410046.pdf?func=doc.Fetch&nodeId=318129&docTitle=81410046%2Epdf&vernum=1  I think this is it P
with?
OK with me.
Louise has no problem as long as approved by legal and credit
23.51
Test
I'll get it at lunch.
yeah, but that's all
First of all, why can't we do a deal with Northern Plain's, a wholly owned subsidiary?
I am not going to be able to get away...Chris is being a jerk
THANKS!
i don't know.  i thought that you were mad at me.
:) i cna't be calm.  it's just not possible sir.
What exactly is BaseDat?
i got an error message when i tried to open your message with mike's contact info.
Nope
You're the king!
yahoo..way to go..keep'm com'in!!
jerk
can not say that i am , i just have so things up i hate to think of another
If you take my var away from me at least you owe me a drink!!!
you should drive
you too, so are you going to go to the meeting
Paul, Can you verify this account--I don't recognize it??  Thanks, Cathy
4025 bid on 64243147 volume 4035 bid on 30310857 volume 408 offer on 33395444 volume
Oh, I like dirty, not work talk
Do you remember the location?  Thanks! A
yes
Please call me.
i came up there, but he wasn't there.  and honestly i am scared to fly.
Yikes
let me try this again what is your yahoo id
oh i'm sorry.  call me.
thanks BOB!! We'll take care of the shopping.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally  i assume you did..
you're so sweet!  love you & happy anniversary!  jenn
Danny.   and I meant Steve Gilbert.
I called him on Friday. He will be on vacation until tomorrow. I will call him tomorrow afternoon.
Geoff Storey is the trader on all three deals.
going forward, go by the settlement report
No problem.  If you need anything else, just let me know.
so lets go
Here you go.  Stacey
Lucky sob
Thought I'd tell you..Paula was let go this morning.  Somehow I survived the second round!
aka Enron Wind.
The sooner I know the better, but as always, good till one o'clock.
you know, the phone works too.  you don't like to talk on the phone, do you?
everyone,  who is down there
why thank you , you do as well
thanks PL
Try to stay away from fried and starchy foods. I'm trying to watch my figure.
That's fine, but I still want to know what you are looking for specifically.
Peggy,  Attached is the pulp newsletter for last week.  Monika =20
Thank you
Have you told Kathy about this transfer?  Should it be a bankruptcy book?  Stacey
FYI..
i would, but i can't.  i want to also because i am frozen.
that's a we'll see!!
no.  I will try to investigate today.
Thank you much Gerald.  Chris
yeah baby!
Franky, you are THE KING!!!  thank you very much
no. I am listening now.
c'mon!  Since when is drinking beer not your job!!
Vivian,  Thanks for your assistance.  Richard
i dont know what the heck you are talking about, and thank you for calling it babbling
I'm on ljmenron (guess I should change it)
On 9/3 we used 4901 (delivered) and on 9/4 we delivered 156, both Dover to Elk.  Jackie
thanks.
She is now.  I don't think she had a choice.
just enter it and i will approve
I told you...Black Lab
what videos, and to who did you make fun of me to
i'm italian too.  and no i don't watch that.  so will you make them disappear?
these files are password protected. what is this for? rick
Nov 2.92, Dec 2.56, Jan 2.67...I will get Feb.
I am gonna drink like John Daly
Jay,  Final request and I will leave you alone.  Need one more gas only id.  Phillip
why?  i can't keep up with you.  i am so annoyed with one of my friends!
Access has been granted to the users listed.
director
yes maam
Cost, Insurance, Freight...
beckyyoung17@hotmail.com...try that...2 y's
is that your MSN Messenger contact name?
Importance:	High  Are you okay with this?
whatever.  can't you just drop the too nice bit?
Lynn, you need her to attend this meeting Monday only, and what is the time & place.  Thanks, Ricki
i arrive in fargo  at 12:20 from minneapolis on flight 1051. see you soon.
why are there about 50 media people outside?  so did you miss me last night
Lynnette		310-789-2317
At least she will not keep quiet.
We'll make it work. thanks. sj
When I tried to open it up, my system said that the attachment contained a virus.  Tom
Good for me
Re:  Attachment, here it is again..let me know if you receive attachment this time.  Christina
Thanks, and I appreciate your keeping me in mind.
Thank you sweetie :-)
both
I can't open any of your reports still.  Please check with IT.
Sure, that is no problem.  Are you sure you can do it?
Thank you
are Darren and Phillip doing this?
$10,000.. they're not shy
because it makes you mean
Your kidding right?   What's the term?   Remember, I only agreed to the terms for 2001 only.
Will copy over as soon as I can. Edmund
yep
thnx
I like that he watched Sponge Bob Square Pants..
OK.
thanks, come and visit
who?
did he tell you if he was coming or not?
we'll see about that, slick!
The posting is ready if and when we decide to post.  Please see http://twdev.ets.enron.com/twdb/etfr_baldocs.html   Thx, Toby
sure.  Did you take any vacation other than the one holiday?
5919 Westheimer Rd.  Just outside the loop by a couple of miles
Do we have to pay them!
ok ,what time are you
i know you better dress warm
bitch - you'll get your 20 bones when i get a card with my name on it.
how
dont hush me, how was youre trip back
hmmm.  i thought that i was very nice.
he sent the whole group one last week and one to me over the weekend
Are you going to include the index position summary in this file?   Thanks, Mike
That is exactly what I am proposing.  That we meet tomorrow a.m. in the flesh.
i try to be.  what do you want me to be boring like you sir?
ok
they are not from texas.  they are from maryland and virginia silly.
whatever.  i admit i brought it up, but i don't know why.
How are the change orders coming along?
Next to Keith Holst if that helps.  Thanx  Chris
OK
nope, and stop
I am tired..
That's good, TDS is showing desk sold 11,000
Shifali x 35170
...your right, look at PG&E and the Commission..
you are so mean.  why can't you be sweet like me?
although he may be a little out of my league
Thanks for the reminder.  Ask me when we get home.  K.
means i could be tired afterwards.
Your the best..  Thanks Ds
im just trying to be nice
I heard its been canceled.
Thanks - this will be a BIG effort, I know.  --Sally
Ed   No attachments are coming through. Can you send a new msg starting from scratch?  Vince
Meeting not unitl 9/24
maryland, virginia...wherever.  so why didn't you talk to me?
thanks
what is the website address?
i'm planning on it
I can get one online for you ... Do you have a general direction or address of the starting point?
Funny article
See you then 4262
Not nasty.  Just truthful.  :)
dont try and be cute
Just bought 180 shares of Rio Alto..
whatever
on our floor?  ofcourse.  why wouldn't you be?
good job mcfly!
Milly just told us too.  I hope the market doesn't hate that news.
Thank you!
thats a long drive by yourself, when are you going to ny
That was not very nice.
i don't get you!
leaving right now for beers @ lil woodrows
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
I got the negative today, but if you're in tomorrow I could probably work it.
okay, let's go
k
loser
Ramiro Castano
Just heard from Robin.  Sad stuff.  My MSN doesn't work.
i am going to kill you
Cara,  Do you have a couple of specific deal numbers we can research?  Thanks, Will
They didn't do this yesterday.  Deals are moved and retranslated.  Cecilia
bid 3.815 Monday 8-20 at 11:45
thanks again
we will do it soon
is that a yes
forget it
good, you went shopping
groovy
on what?
maybe. why?
beliefs
ok , well lets make it soon
Hey Fenner-Weiner...are you ready for a golf excursion with the wives? Your course or mine?
so when are you going to ny
i still don't like you.  are you wearing that stupid patch today?
Room 3267 at 2:30.  My phone number is 7031.  Thanks
with your hot chocolate
Buy Gas Producers the AGA just came out and it was Crazy bullish gas
This seems fine.
kmann  Hope that looks right!
don't make me come over there
If there is a specific need, let me know.
See what a good night sleep can do!  We'll set up the meeting and determine the attendance list.
Is this okay?
you are the last person that i want to be like.
Thanks!
you mean to hold it?
absolutely
ok, ready?
Jon is the perfect choice if he is an officer of that entity.  Michelle
o.k PG&E.
that was a good comeback
I was unable to login to CQG under my user name ( Joe Parks) this morning.
are you saying you watched mj's bits and pieces last night???
Thanks.
thanks! Kim
Fine.
You want to see perf reports now?
ok how about now
Please discuss this with Steve.
Great Job!  Kim.
Thanks.  I can use the money tonight!
What are you going to add to section 4.4?  Sylvia
I know a few ways!
Michelle Hicks will actually draft the GSA - I only do the Tasking Letters (Amendments/statements of Work.
Sorry about that.  Here you go.
full day today because of aga  yea, going home to the Big D
thank you.
how about the fuels/ gas position?
working on it
Sorrry - yes I did get them.  Thanks so much.
whats the offer?
oh boy...you will see.
Oh good - have you sent Presto's yet??
oh yeah i forgot, ill buy you a drink
Are you a Beethoven afficionado?
Yes...
too bad no drinking
wet t-shirt
i saw the 2.995 this am was it muc volume? when are we going back there
test
I will
Thank you!!
thank you.
Thanks  Tom
I get possesion Sept.20
I'll see y'all at 11:30 unless I hear otherwise.
Anytime before 3:00 is currently open.
yup
Will you be having cake to celebrate this incredible event?
Nope
FYI, KIm.
thank u!
I'll swing bye after morning rush
What do you mean you don't know what to do?
oh really, what did you have in mind?
One pc - 3 screens   Thanks
I agree and will make the arrangements.  JMF
love it
Come on you are always sexy.
I'll get it.  He's in Boston now.
I need that receipt and photocopy asap please.
The errors have also been repaired for the month of July.
killing me, it was a joke
Was Michael adorable in his holiday performance?  I'm sure he was!!!
Will do !
I THOUGHT YOU SAID THAT AND ONE OF YOUR "e MAILS" YESTERDAY
5-8091
What is Lynnette's last name?
ok great i'll stop by tomorrow...i'm just a few rows down and over from you. Julie
thats cute, she just sent me a message reminding me its your bday
thnx , see you then
I talked to Robert Ayers, he is going to accept a job with another co.  BT
You are a riot...if I get you the Ppesche, can I at least ride in it sometime?
3 songs. I can deal with that.
um no not at all
the what do I do
thank you
It kicked back as too large too send via e-mail.  I have placed it under O:\Dropbox\Swinney Position 10-01 -Forward.xls
Kelly, I have sent you a fax with a counter-offer. Michael
thanks, it really did take me calling about 15 people to get access.
It worked     Vince
Thursday the 22nd works for me  - Mike
so is kori in today
looks like becoming a waiter is a better possibility every day.
luis - you love heating oil
I received this message
heard of it but not sure exactly what it is.
Thank God!  (just ribbing you)
i guess, but it gets old.
FYI..  all org region codes will be in all caps if that makes a difference to you.
shall I call Alex Shears then?
Thanks Geoff.
yea, i interviewed him.  i gave him a thumbs up.  why do you ask?
Nope-  this is actually a company (better known as R-Pak).
I NEED YOU FOR A MOMENT..  LISA
I was thinking about that this morning on my way in.  You look really nice today!
Here are the original 11/30 post ids..  14826 thru 14833 14854 14856 14857 14859
Little Woodrow's downtown sounds good.  Any objections or other suggestions?
no chip, no money
down then up
Thanks I will save them.  :) Heather
thanks, it worked
i dont like the sir thing
Thanks.  from 3 - 4?
im glad to hear that, so are you going to be doing the same thing
Funny that they say mixed response to new ceo's
why
That was my plan!
Yes, they should be there shortly. Thanks again, MP
Thank you. : )
thats cool.   hope you get a lot done.
ok
til sunday
$20
May I come by now?
I will have to check what else Jeff has.
Yes - but I want you to verify.  I just looked in this mornings gas daily.
no, i'm frozen again.  i need a heater.  what are you doing?
Can you look at this again?  I'm missing the 7 before the decimal point.  Megan
You know the one...
Playing Freecell Solitaire and talking to Rudy via IM
NO..WHAT'S UP?
Did you or Lee hear from anyone? Is your issue solved? R2
WHAT??
Was this adopted?
you are the big cheese to me baby!
Price, Basis and Index.
Lisa I will need to call Hafslund today and request their December 01 detail.  Thanks  Mark  713-345-7179
no
me > dog
dinking?  do you mean drinking?  i know, but where
Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.?
That works.
can you dance
what color
I never knew your fantasies...
Cool.  Count me in.  Also a reminder, I'm out on Friday.  Have a happy birthday.
Will my UBS pass work there?
you look so handsome today
jerk
likewise
you too
Done.
THANKS FOR THE GOLF INVITATION BUT I WILL BE IN NEW ORLEANS THAT WEEKEND.
Also, please look at this file.
terrible, yours?
I found it already.  Thanks!  Ginger Dernehl Administrative Coordinator Global Government Affairs Phone# 713-853-7751 Fax# 713-646-8160
Hi John,  Please let me know if you want us to continue this report.  Savita
always
no, not this week. too much bah humbug!
u wanna go?
Thanks Sara. DEC
Thanks for all the info.   Susan
happy bday to you, happy bday to you,i hope you have your job tomorrow,because i like to work with you
don't be a baby just because you didn't get your way!
Harris
Where did she get this information?  Is it a below the line adjustment (not in the DPR)?  Stacey
Fixed.
How about 2:00 PST today?
ok
you got robbed...  -35
Well have to go to Vegas I guess??
We agree with the number you are seeing on the deal, Phillip.
i thought it was ruggles DY-ENRON Field
you look a little different, i cant figure out what it is
you noticed!!  WOW!
where are you at now baby ?  ILY dq
You're on for WEdnesday!
It works.  Good catch.
SURE
youre right, im sorry, i think i was looking out for me
Total premium to you is $10.845MM (less Brokerage).  My deal below was just re-jiggered for premium outflow of $1.16MM.
no
Please send me the Transaction referenced in the Termination.  Thanks.  Sara
don't be cruel
contact Nova Guides in Minturn, Colo 970-827-4232  have fun!!
Ireached Barry yeaterday at 011-529-848-7400  Rm.1607.  Are you sure your info is correct?
Thanks!
i will pick you up around 7:30-8.
Ed:  Will you get me a list of counterparties/documents?  Thanks!  Marie
Sorry.  I have a dentist appt at noon.  How about Tuesday or Wednesday?  Nony
What time works for you guys?
OK
just faxed it
I sent this over to the contact for review and have not heard back yet.
try adding me to your list..  susan.m.scott@im.enron.com
Ah huh!!
great
what changes need to be made to the P&L GDOPTIONS file?  Can you remember?
lets
which new name?
you get silly.  i get dummy.  i can't go you goofball!  are you really going?
havent you learned yet im always right
i'm in, but only if giron does not show!
Gracias
Are you coming??  Nicole Mendez  Sr. Administrative Assistant EWS - Financial Operations EB 2375D Phone: 713-853-1431 Fax: 713-646-5997
you wont get in trouble
Um no.  Should I?
i don't know.  why?
Untill my shit gets here I am a resident of the Westin hotel.
Theresa, Can you find out where the loss was booked?
Send what?  Nothing was attached.
plus 50 for the minni bet 185
Here you go.
I am ready when you are.
These portfolios have been deleted from the Netco database.  Thanks Lamya x54188
I won't charge you.  MC
rax
good is he a vp or a director?
The agreement (#96000255) was papered by Enron
Met you in ring
BIG BRAT!!
you can't be cheap if you take me out.  i won't stand for it.
Great.. mark your calendar for Thursday,, you will receive the resumes and schedule on Wed.    Rgds, Karen.
As per your request please see the attached document.  Thanks, Gary Allen Safety System & Reporting Advisor 713-646-7488 gallen@enron.com
ill let you know
I think so, I would treat you better than she can
as of 1/28  Hunter Shively Geof Storey Andy Lewis Jason Williams
youre lying you cant wait
nice eh! though you might like that one
ok
renumber
Bill Does the contract allow TW to buy the horsepower and take control of the electric supply contracts? Thanks Dan
no, not dirty. i was asking you if you were busy.   thats all.
The pre-pay balance we will need to maintain going forward.
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your place?  Brad
4:30ish??
i think i will load up on some good cerals or buck wheat pancakes and coffee this weekend,
ME!
I know
http://navigation.helper.realnames.com/framer/1/112/default.asp?realname=California+Department+of+Water+Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwwdwr%2Ewater%2Eca%2Egov%2F&frameid=1&providerid=112&uid=10049471   click on the Section B portion
ill take that bet
How about you come in and brief them orally?
yes sir
Here it is Joe, Thanks!
kam:  do i need to do anything?
3 minutes
haha.  very funny.
I am a believer..
Not yet.
i justr thought it might be better for both of us if we didnt talk for a while
dinking, i will meet you around 2:30
where was that deer shot
at least I called
late sleeper?  i don't think that i am going to be able to go to lunch.  :(
j LO WAS ON LAST NIGHT
they inked the deal.  dynegy has aquired us.
Hi how are you?
Not yet.
look at link below
me thinks people are trading the headline and not the story
really why not
i can't keep up with you.  i am losing it!
i want to go
Great.  Can you e-mail the cash request you sent to doug?
that sounds good, tell k happy bday from the mckay family
yep
not a whole lot!  miss me?
EB 1336
UBS hasn't put you to work yet?!?
you have to bring your own
JoAnn Hill is on vacation; I'll look into it.
Ok to travel.  Jim
sweating
Also, say hi to Ted Meyer, who is my (and your) Bellaire neighbor.
thanks
Looks good
EEL-Settlements & Contract Management
your getting confused again
Forgot Saguoro (sold it last week)
you gave in?  that's suprising!  what did you want to talk about?
i'm taking off work. and i'm probably going to go play TPC
212-270-5951
nope, lets go now
Have you heard anything about the $1.1 MM loss from the sale?   Stacey
Thank you.
I can't top that.  Except.. deep shit? sorry, didn't mean to degenerate into profanity.
you don't like that, is that all i am to you is money?
Sam,  Thanks for taking care of this!
There is a later one signed in 2000.
Thanks Holden..What about that Pac tranny...??  MP
deal
Could you look into this - thanks.
100 West Virgina St. Tallahassee,  Florida  32301
Have you guys moved over to the wonderful world of boxes with Enron Canada yet?
Debra,  Any news on this?  I still haven't discussed this with Darren.  sg
we should get together beforehand to talk. when would you be available? 15 min should do it.
done
<http://www.hairpinharpie.addr.com/drink_quiz/quiz.html>
Will show me how to get this sheet running?  Drop by when you get a chance.  Thanks
Hi!
Thank you!  Stacey
Kim, Cammi Mursch has asked for an e-mail from Enron authorizing an extension. Can we do this?  Thanks, JMF
if you win lets go to applebys and if i win lets go to redwood grill.
That is fine with me. I hate industry parties.  Thanx  Chris
no im not, i am going to work out now
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=IPIX&d=c&k=c1&t=2y&l=on&z=m&q=l
fyi..  Stan, if you need us to move the Houston meeting around, let me know.  Thanks.
what's up?
haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well (AOL, MSN, Yahoo!...take your pick)
also didnt you have a limit order in..for about 200..im assuming this was withdrawn
anytime after 4 is good
Where is the website for ERCOT? JD
Thanks!
Astra Power also needs to be added to this product
How about Wingdings:  ?  How about this, faggot!!!
Agreed.
can you do it around 4:15 in Brad's office 2711?
I am and I hear that little woodrow's is having some kind of a party.  ckl
whatever
Are we gonna drink beer? I'm not really a beer drinker.
I'll be there.
problem is jeanne bennett is avail only at 2 CST today.
sorry!
yes, on the phone
can you get rid of my headache?
Looks good to me.    Should John Duschinske and Greg Porter be listed on the officers for Transwestern?
at my desk
OK
What are you talking about?  Stacey
i am not fighting with you at all.  you are just grilling me.  you are an angry person.
i've noticed.
Rob:  	Thanks for your comprehensive reply.  Brian
did your mom have any insight
Simple mind
what do you think
opps, sorry.  I looked through the list too fast.  Thanks, Kim.
It's pretty scary!  Shows the state of the industry, doesn't it?
There is a possibility that the counterparty should be Duke Field Services,  We are checking it out.
can you make it more official looking, ideally a fax, signed by you, no worries, there is no liability
A ok for me
ha...this bites
403-974-6706
i just thought that it might be better no not talk for a while, sorry, how were your holidays
Thanks
Can you email me with the details?
I'm available.
I sure am hungry!
I assume Steve.
You're kidding, right?  Edison's at about 14.50.
Sensitivity:	Confidential  	Tracy, 	Vera has confirmed that this employee is an ETS employee in Bolivia. 	Mary
Thanks for the info, Bob.  I will get you more details on the tournament in early November.  --Sally
No idea.  Let me know if you hear something.
Importance: High
I'm available tomorrow.  Nony
oh, oh and the makeup and wig too!
you are going to love it
3:00 sounds good
I apologize.  You should have been on there.     Chris
k thanks
are we gonna see somebody boone out?
don't you have messenger
Thanks.  Vince
I will ask Audrey to coordinate our calendars for marketing.  We will let you know.  Thanks, Kim.
Eric:  I have a check with me today.  You are now on 31, correct?  HB
i didnt have a very good night last night
please forward the org charts to sally and christina  thanks  bob
no need.  the drinks will be warm by the time I get back up to the 6th floor.
Shirley,  Approved.  Vince
I'll do it.  thanks
Freudian slip, I'm sure.  See you tomorrow!  Michelle
This isn't pretty but it's functional.    Heather Alon  EnronOnline  (713) 853-1825
There you go!  How is Houston?
i hope that i can spend some time alone with you today.  even if it is only 10 minutes
Toby, FYI Ramona
why?  call me
I know..I like it!!!
youre a goofball, when are you coming in
97 from RAC is incredible!  We have the strongest showing!
yes you are
my awesome company
Nothing.  What's going on with you?
No problem. Let me know if you need any further assistance. Regards, Vinio
Thanks.
Going home to clean my house.  Did you get in trouble last night?
Yes, I would.
Great.  I'll put 11:30 on my calendar.    Kim.
i was hoping he would surface before then..have call into him on his cell and he said he couldn't talk.
I'm attending the one for the NMDG in Austin, MN that same night. sj
Didn't you know..I hold the title of Ms. Cheyenne.
why?
I will find out where we stand on this tomorrow morning.  		Chris
We can't open this!
I was told the IT group is working on it.
will do,  thanks
be in a good mood!!!  please!  i bet you have a good weekend.
How is Francis doing?
You have sent an E-mail to Thomas Martin not Martin Thomas.
i am ready to go tonight.  you going out?
i did hear that it was rather revealing
deep sleep?
p	55.75 o	16
you are mean.  why did you call?  to harass me?
thank you.
ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football.
No, not yet.
the card was though  :0)
ok
I'm getting my suntan lotion and heading down there..
Cedar Creek Anticline near Baker Montana.  -Nate
Whatever the new company is that we set to record profit and losses on.
well, apparently i babble
whatever.  good.  how about you?
I made one change.
You and Facundo are finished; I'm not sure about anybody else.
are you almost done
just kidding
This has not been booked.   I was told Q4.   What is this?
aye aye.
I'm sure we can.  He's just not in on Monday.  I've moved it to Tuesday at 4 p.m.
Great Craig - thanks..do you happen to know the location?  Amy
I'll tell you later
Good work!
how am i supposed to explain that?  you still haven't told me.
I think I like it
I don't remember hearing any compliments.
THank you!!!
what is the except becky stuff all the time.
Dan Dorland - Affraid of his brother's IM furry
I'll find out how to get you guys access this morning.
np... have a happy new year
I am, in fact, at the office as we speak. I am NOT in?Yet.
What would you like me to do?
me too
Wrong Bill Grace/ I'll forward.
no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals
BLOW? BLOW? NICE D?
Florida said since Mary Lou is working from home no one get's differential pay.
is it really opening
Chris,   I am fine with this.  Stacy
I have a meeting on segmenting from 10 - 11:30 on Tuesday.  I'm available Tuesday pm.
381 bid
How can we find out who has a clue?
sounds good to me
THANKS T.J.
Can you give me 10 minutes?
5th floor
Please see attached.
its going to be hard to share a room and not talk
thanks
But I want more
I've got them.  What's your fax #
Yeah - are you still going on vacation?  Stacey
Jeff, Ellen Su and I are working on it for today. Sheila
Sure. That should be fun. Anything we can bring ?   Harry
done
Thanks
who are they?
are you being serious?  i am not my own boss you forget.
This is the shell report from the weekend.
ok I will copy Stephanie on the letters I send out (I have two queued up right now) -- Bob
whatever.  that is rude.
How about Espey?  KK
you are no fun at all!
just wondering - mainly i was wondering if matt smith is a manager now?
No, only executed amendments.
I'll take care of this...
She actually left me a voice mail.  Maybe we are talking about two different things?
Becky --   Thanks for getting this info.  Jim
OKAY!  Disregard!  Thanks.  Irma Alvarez HR Svc Connection Ext. 3-1543
Mike Tully is going to work on this with you today.
I'm kinda curious
Try to keep it between 8 PM and 4AM (Pacific).  The shifts change at 6 AM/PM.  thanks
done.  DL
Unfortunately, all my money is tied up in Caymen Island Partnerships
Thanks a bunch, Matt! Have a great weekend! s.
Looks ok to me from the trading side
this is the completed confirm with your changes.
yeah, but I don't know for who...I don't think I will be working for Chris.
can't play - maybe we can pick someone up there
Mine says you are not logged on.  Send me a message.  Your boyfriend Dave Fuller says hi now.
so is that your way of telling me tha you are moving?
Marilyn  Yes, please call Shirley (3-5290) to setup a meeting.  Vince
i'm sure everyone sitting around you does too!
i can't do it tonight- that will be a great game though.   how about those irish!  pjb
Is this something in which you think we should be engaged?
thats fine. next week is early enough.
Really? I can ask a girlfriend of mine - and/or my sister.
don't worry.  you and jen just need to be ready to party.
Then sign in
groovy, baby. You're a sexy bitch!   what time?  or we talk at home...leave a message..
You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin
5
Tomorrow at 9:00 a.m. would be better for me.  I would appreciate it.  Thanks. Lynn
No problem.  Still haven't gotten down to the original invitation.
poor ypu
i have monthly prices back to 1990, but they are not electronic, if you want them...
no i just stole one from sandra about a half hour ago
price was GDA
Mail FSA Form
thanks.
i'm flexible, but i'm guessing it will be more crowded then.  y?
for what?
anything for you mainline
coffee?
maybe 5:30 - stress relief how
Louise,   I think you are looking for another Michael Miller (I'm with ENW / EBS).  Sorry ..
i was thinking somewhere that requires a jacket, like tony's.  someplace that is like $30 an entree.
What about the actual small video tape in the video camera?
Are what there??  Smiles :)
Rakesh,  You will receive an update on the situation  tomorrow.  Vince
Legally I cannot contact her since she is represented by an attorney.  I will follow up with Jeff.
Whose master firm physical gas agreement?  Does UBS have these?  Kim.
What do you have in mind on picking out?
Thanks LOSER
REALLY, where is he going? Are you going to be the big cheese now?
Vinio,  Thanks for the information and the prompt response.  Richard
Not bad actually
again, asshole.
John - can you give me the portfolio name?  Thanks, Susan
Although tennessee was a very good time not long ago, it sure seems like a long time ago.
why are you going then?
Boo
Bridgett,   It works.   Thanks
Jeremy, Errol approved changes. where can I find the scripts to run in production?
Jim will also be there - just inadvertently left him off my list.
That looks good Torrey.  When will it be placed in production?  Thanks,  Jay
did you hear about cliff baxter? James Coney Island at 11:30, so swing up at 11.    Scott
Come on down to 13.  We'll be in 1336.
and mean..i forgot that one!
I have a copy of what's in the files we made before the holidays.
this girl has clothes on
yeah baby.  i am a limited partner.
you spin miester you!  HOw did your meeting go with the Wyoming guys?
I  am available.. pls put on my calender to block off.   bt
when does this thing go away?
I think that sounds awesome - I'll see if I can get out. I'll let you know ASAP! MSA
Do we have actually have a deal?
crazy day baby  i love you
I thought you were leaving early?
Yes,  Wilson tommorrow??  See attached...
john carney, if he's gone, vinateri. i put it in your folder yesterday
Call me.  Sue's on a plane going to SCE with Huddleston to talk CTC calculation (I think).
do you know what its about
Correct.  I just left you a voice mail re the termination.
you too
good for me.
Help as much as you need to.  Jim
nope, i figure if i dont ask i might not have to go
Yes, I meant to say 9:30 am	 Margaret
Yup.
I can be there with a smile.
barely
Geez.  This is even more of a joke than I thought.
I am not sure why you want to go, but of course you can. Just show up.
Maria,  do you have a revised set after the changes we discussed??  MK
thanks..
too good
It will most likely be a percentage of the premium we receive..
be still my heart
Importance:	High  Is John Grass the "wellhead" book?  Frank
Ed, Can you help me out with this?  Kay is out of the office.
The location number for the TW 20" Gomez lateral are listed in the attached file.  James
the hr needs of the gas trading floor
yes - he said you can.  What's going on tonight.
It's all corrected.
thanks
Importance:	High
Fine.  People are shocked.  Jim
thanks.
What paper?
Monday's starting next week at 4??
Monday am or Tuesday am before all Employee meeting
Well, when we get off, I will have to take you for a ride in my new car!
Yes, Pam will be taking care of this item.
Paul Fornataro  80093448x8x81247
Yes, Barry Pearce is on the list.  I'll make the alterations indicated below.
I will get John to sign it then.  Thanks
Hi Steve, Kindly let me know the person to work on the research library transfer. Thanks, Karthik.
i think that we are going around 10:45.  i got to park in your garage today!!
Please let me know if you might be interested...thanks Tjae
No I gave scott Webster an Enfolio about a year ago and their legal finally got to it
Andy won the fastest finger contest.  I'll ask you first next time.
Yeah, well try http:// www.enronoffline.com <http://www.enronoffline.com>   (that's Offline)
Sounds good.  See you tomorrow.
are you sure that you should!!  :)
i can't go right now.  i have to wait on someone to look at my computer.
you started it, sorry
ok you are boring!
he is in vegas
from your vast experience do you think this is true?
I have e-mail Molly and as of yet no response  Mark
i think that you brought it up.
Okay, have a good night
3:00 up here
i dont realy think so but what do i know, by the way its a really ugly day out there
4-5
Probably in three months.
Can you give me a quick definition of the frequency rates (formula please)?
Karen an d I are ommitted as we are ENW employees  Neil
i do not like you!  :(
Do you have the April CNR invoice file?
he should have been
not poor me!  tonight should be a lot of fun!
31 - 6 Balls to an Over in Cricket
C'mon guys?comments about which # you like the best!!!
im only kidding, that was cute
Peach or not I want to go!!!
yes i am
I been serviced nicely, although a BJ would have been a nice bonus. PL
funner than provincetown???
Darren Please could you reply directly to Tana.  I am out of the office tomorrow. regards Janet
3 days have not been removed - Jul. 5 and Nov. 28/29.
Let me know if you needed additional Enron companies
Huh?
Are there any cash issues surrounding this?  If so, who is going to handle?
Thanks!  This is great news!  K.
Lisa, you might want to also review this w Vince and John
i agree lets go, what store sells toothpaste?
May as well cancel.
you should be working on your resume
yes send it to me if its handy!
the stock is below $10 and the company might go bankrupt.
Thanks for the update.
Can you do find the same info for SAPPI as you did for Weyerhaeuser yesterday?  thanks, Monika
Thanks
FYI!
Cover letter and resume from my brother are attached.
You might need this someday.
good.
this sunday.
1.00 PM IS FINE   JMF
Thank you for your quick response =)
See Duke's comments attached.   Kim
rafael is a guy.
Importance:	High
I am not involved with communications...  Thanks, Bill
i guess so
Anything new on the reservations?
I did and she did.
why is that not fair
Yes! Believe me, I can't wait!
what does that mean
they need to cheat better
then you are done
sure..005 lower than our last bid
I hope they are good thoughts.
Thanks.
deal
Not yet.
just kidding.  you need to relax a little.
THANKS FOR TRYING.
I haven't tried.
OK, I changed my mind...the answer is yes.
i don't understand what you are trying to say...sry..pls elab
I don't know...it depends on what you want me to talk about.
i know what song im only kidding, who sings it
Absolutely - - when do you want to meet?
Hi Sue I still have not received a check for voucher NO. 0100067175 FOR $2,2298.95.
Of course.  Deez nuts.
being done as I write this
maybe - call me when you're leaving. i'm actually working!
NBPL Ventura transfer point, IF vent + 0.0125 bid. sure
Terry and Richard, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn
FYI.  Best regards, Susan
only kidding
yep
does that mean just me?
I'm always ready
Tom-  Thanks for sending the file.  Welcome to the amazing world of e-mail.  -nb
You are a better man than me, yes, but I'm not so sure it will be outside.
Accidentally shut their access off..
Brian,  What about the weekend? I am in Atlanta Thursday.  Vince
i think you should go soon
oh no!
Whats up with this comment?? Rick
I printed the attachment & will keep in my folder for future reference.  (quite long)
not a big deal.  nevermind.  how was golf?
better try 3 instead.  i may leave a little early and I'm off tomorrow.
give me a contact over there too BP
ok
I tried the sheet today and failed.  Stop by when you get a chance to test.  Thanks, Mike
Can we move it to 4:00 or 4:30 as my meeting is still in progress.
Good plan.
Trying to put something together.  Jim
what's it worth to you?
No I don't get this newsletter.
no it does not work
Just call me speedy ala Jules.  Moving to fast. Thanks.
fine goodbye mr. boring sir
Looks good then, let's try it.
Did you watch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show last week
maybe and stop talking about me to robyn you big jerk!
so, are you in or out on wed?  i'm confused.  wait, you've got to be here...we're having lunch.
I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4.  Wanna come?
no
tucson - he saw a presentation at the ACC
There is fair value but no goodwill.
ok then you are lying
atleast, why
he doesn't have to go if you will wear the horns and play the buck like he does.
please let me know what risk types each of these postids is please. PL
The Socal numbers are in MMBtu's and the PGE numbers are in 1000s of MMBtu's.
you are killing me
i looked really pretty the next day.  my dad told me that i looked sick.  whatever
maybe towards the end of the week...depending on how I'm feeling!
i have no idea.  did you hear he was?
How about "LaMaquina-I/B Link"
too late.  meet me at my house.
Already under way.
oops enymex
p	45 o	15
no one likes you
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
yea!  Great work, Valeria!  Michelle
Jeff Sommers is on track to present for the International group (in Jim's absence) on November 1, right?
no shit?  That is great!
thanks  DG
Hmmm.
Thanks.  Any word yet on how well Jim's crushing the arguments of the monopolists in DC?
park in the garage.  you can use my tag.
ditto. sounds good.
rumor we lost some power talent any truth?
I'll be there!
Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this.
Really!
i'm bringing them to you, where are you at?
Ohoh  its all gone to ratshit!
See comment below.
I am sorry.  This was the only time I could get Danny and the three VPs together.
not as much as me
no problems here.  everything is fine.
Ava, MaryLou does NOT get differential pay.  Thanks. Lynn
ok I will tell him you said you are too busy
Thanks! Good luck at your meetings!!! MSA
it was ok how about you, i am going are you?
While you were busy working on a valuable piece of business, Skilling, Lay and the rest were robbing the safe.
I wonder who is left.
I've seen her around since.  I use to trade with her at MidCon?
This is an example of what one analyst sent me for his personal directory
just admit it
what do you mean, you are worth it for one day
just give me a call if you need another one.  : ) Taria
um no sir
will probably check with you on Thursday -- I will be out on spring break camping with my son.
Sounds great - I'll come to your office.
ECS 044
In
ok
Forgive my ignorance, but I'm assuming that "related party transactions" refers to the Fastow deals?
youll have to show me
Oh my gosh that is the funniest thing since the Banana Boat song...
not really...Edison Mission was selling next week this morning.
does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect?
How's about 5:30?
i meant you
Or..should I say "Thank you for the reply."  Signed, Louie the Lizard  !!
Where are you at and I'll bring you a packet with an explanation?
thx
Will get back to you.
what are you talking about?
I've got it!  Kim.
so are you going to sing it to me.
I can't buddy... Paul has me doing a bunch of stufff
Our fax # is 713-646-2443.  Thanks, Leslie
Thanks
you like?
looks good
Kevin,  We are looking for the TW logo.  We'll keep you posted.  Kim.
On the phone
nope
I won't have it until tomorrow morning because of a deal entry error in my 2002 position
why?  because he is mean!
Thanks!
They mitigated the shit out of prices (our Pepperhill project was dispatched at $300/Mwh the whole day).
all kind im a great two stepper, what did you watch
looks good to me
because I said so
what do you mean
WORK WORK.
what did you want to tell me
How about 10:00 a.m.?  I have customers again for lunch and it may be late.  TK
Judy has been added.  Leah
I agree with you (typical guy).  Let's have Ava and Alma cancel us all.    Rick
Ain't got it yet.  415.782.7854.  Thanks a million.
yes, why wouldn't we be?  how is your new desk?
now
okay skilling
yes please, thanks, Sheila
well so did i and i told him that, but he refused so whatever
where is the rest of the file?
Will do.   Thanks, Karen.
Same here!  You touched on everything we discussed.
Thanks.
no, not lately
How about coming up after lunch tomorrow to wrap up CSN?
i can take it, and its a deal on the new clothes thing
Where has he gone?   M
Looks good.
i think that you want the male looker to come
I do not see anything... it is just a link to the chronicle..
Doug?  Makes one question the source.
I have set it as my screen saver...
Let's meet for coffee Friday (I am tomorrow). I'll tell you more.  Vince
that is great!
that is not nice.  i see how you are!
do you have the scoop him?  lisa
you are correct.  Whatever name works for me.
Thanks i almost gave it away.
you're done.  hey stupid-you owe me some wine or a dinner or something fun
what's toronto
no, for the gelber stuff.  you know, that worksheet I sent you a long time ago.
Let's hope no-one else notices.  Let's make sure no-one does anything internally so people notice it.  Thanks
I put it together from notes on the PG&E web site.  I may ask Roger to review.  Jim
Certainly!
Sheila:  Marie is looking into this one which appears to have been executed.  Sara
Sounds good to me!  Just let me know what time.  You gonna work out?
where are you
FYI
no prob  dq
great
7:30?
youre a goofball, let me know what fred says
thank you.  have a good weekend.
Louis,  The storage balance for contract 2210 as of 11/30/01 is 698,796 Mmbtu.  - Lee Ann
No, not yet.
My wife obviously has to much time.  This is her vote for the team name.
you're dumb.
Yes, the room rate is $400 per night plus 6% occupancy tax.
11:30 at Willie Gs.  Is Whitt coming?
i take it that you don't like it?
did you get a lil' chihuahua?  i hate those things.
Kev, How is the gas market? Who do the Canes play this weekend?
whatever
sounds great..give me some directions and I'll see you at 6 or so.
Sounds good, just let me know what time and I'll bring my folder up.
alright.  talk to you later.
sure 15664 kathy
Correction!  13 through the 31st.  Thanks,  Dan
I thought you'd never ask.  But, please, nothing special.  You know me. I'm a Woodbridge kinda guy..
gently accepted
how close are you tot he escalators?
where at?
Not anymore.  This is the ESPN poll.  Not AP.  DG
You're gone for day! Bummer man
i guess you don't have msm Messenger do you.
5069624 & 5069939
you aren't talking to me remember!!  :)  wow almost 3 weeks
She used to schedule gas at Entergy.  She started here today and she was asking about you.
yep
i'll give you all you want
worked
Thanks!
Have you solved the problem with the positions?  Let me know.    Mike
a brand new car
yes
Some are.
We will pass.
Happy Friday!!  Thanks for your interest.  Confirmed!  -C.
Done
alright i will let you out for free
sure
You got it.  No more notifications as of now.  Pete
merlin can be captain castillo
Are we going at 6 or 6:30. I don't care.
ok see ya
absolutely
bits and pieces - you?
dealer invoice is 27k !
i am hopefully leaving around 3.  i have to go to my house and get my baby..my dog
No I had another meeting at this time.  Stacey
i am so ready to get out of here
Importance:	High  Is there anything here that I need to be concerned about?
k come down here before you leave.  if you want.  are you going home?
Outstanding!!  That's the best news I've heard all day : )
you have aol instant chat?
No clue what you are talking about.  We'll be there. 2 adults 3kids
EB3221D 3 3230
Thanks.  I guess the other one was ok?  MM
why am i a fink
I think he can handle it.
Coops.. I'm  retarded.  :)  Valerie DeWille Marketing Associate 503 439-7136 1 800 330-7158 valeried@timberline.com
yes i am what is the name of it.
i saw that you guys called around 4am.  partying huh?  what were you guys doing until 4?
who says they would want him?
I am having it looked at and will send it down this afternoon.
Don't know ask Shemin.
That is correct.  Their hq is definitely US.
Left message and sent email.  I will let you know as soon as I have spoken to him.
Thanks, you da man  mp
thanks. I will try to.
why are you asking me that?
what?
Metamucil, baby!
i am?  so i am freaking out about enron again.
you goin?
nope i'm not going!  too late
Raetta can not meeting today.  How about Thursday at 1:30.  Thanks. Lynn
We are still trying to work through this.  I should get back to you shortly.
FYI -- Tracy Ngo left Enron last Tues. to work for AEP in Portland.
Jeff,  Stinson was thinking about it for a year.  Vince
dell freak!  the computer company.
i am planning on it
12874
Yes, you are working and Cassandra is here today.
any interest in going to vegas end of feb?
no, but is the inevitable
i'll be here.  just give a call.
As far as i know, we can get together tomorrow night.
Oh yeah!
is this per the load flow study shown by the ISO
I can't pull up.
how bout 3:15?
i second, sorry mike
Hideous isn't it - I'm 9 months pregnant in it.
yep
What else are you going to bring me?  :)
Thanks.  What is the latest on the timeframe for getting a physical power license?  Dave
everyone was pissed cause we lost.  what did you do this weekend?
hey, theres only room for one of us to feel sorry for themselves
Hey, but when are you going to the dome tomorrow??  would there be time to get together?
Brian who?
Already in!  Thanks ds
thanks.
Thanks!
LOSER
Well then I guess I'm going to have to wear them more often.
nope, are you?
Is Brian available?
http://www.chathambarsinn.com/aboutframe.asp
you suck
Tracy:  How about Thursday morning?  Danny is open from 8:30 - 11:00.
so 3:00
be right there.
thats not a hint
It means that the quoted price will include the cost of insurance and freight
Yes, thank you.  How much do I owe you?  Stacey
youre weird
http://navigation.helper.realnames.com/framer/1/112/default.asp?realname=Calif ornia+Department+of+Water+Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwwdwr%2Ewater%2Eca%2Egov %2F&frameid=1&providerid=112&uid=10049471   click on the Section B portion
You're right!  Thanks for catching it.
I think I would like santa clara first.  when you get the chance.
really
Anne,   2:30  works for me.   Vince
What's it for?  When are you planning on submitting the cash request to the committee?
hahaha!!  how late are you working today?
yes.  I have contacts there, if you want.  Michelle
um yes and no.  ok
change of plans.  we are going to front porch.  so meet up if you can/want
We just changed the Sta 45 number from 301 to 318dth.  Matt
thanks!
Importance:	High  Is this the same as the doc I approved last week?  Thanks,  Kay
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
dont worry it is probably just an infatuation that will pass
you can have the  2 1/2 points?
Try to respond end of the week.  I'd like to see your drafts.  Jim
okay...up or down???
Are they working on it?
it doesn't have to be the last place we go
call me when you have a chance, something i want to share
i'm to lazy
ok deal
Let's finish this toaday...
Finally got it. Thanx.
i resent that too
I'm stuffed like teddie bear right now.
thanks
Darron,  Thank you so much for helping me out with this.
I have not stopped thinking about you!  xxx  Craig
I believe it will be Questar Southern Trails.  I'll confirm this for you.  Kim.
The OSHA complaint was dismissed. Michelle
Now why would I give up Bruce after just getting him?
i should be over today at some point in time.
up of course
and how do you suggest that i manage that?
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
Have you eaten?
David I got your test
Because you would beat them back right?
Here are the settles.  Thanks.  John
Great!  We're set on that front, then.  Thanks, -Dovie
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
read the email subject fool
Thank you for yor speedy reply!
later
i'll put my car and my mom's house on the lakers
then you shouldnt sit on his lap, there are extra chairs up here
the most up-to-date, informative site available ;)
Can you try this again? Thanks.
I saw it come through... good deal. Keep up the good work.  BT
Thanks very much.
Can I help you with them in any way?
help!!!
Do you want it to include index positions?  It doesn't now, but it can...
yep
yes, this was a non-DPR flash item
pooks if you get this call me
It was up .13 today - you cant expect it to happen all at once.
Sounds good!
yes
East is complete
No, but I heard  What is your take?
I'll swing by around 4
i have fri off.
our stock is taking a bath.
flat.  i had  my lowest var in over a year this morning
Home 403-214-0454 Work 403-974-6910 Red Deer 403-343-7086
what time you coming over
nope we are going
THANKS!!
it only hurts because i am mad i didn't short ene
No, have not heard back from him yet. Any other thoughts on how to get this filing?  Mark
Yes, looks good to me, too.
thank you, you are one of my favorite hr reps
no, not yet?  Who has it?  K.
Did I send this to you already?
thanks
I face the one that is on the way up to 6.  I am at 05145.
anything else close?
ok, but please don't talk to me.
Can you guys go around and contact these customers to logoff tonight to get the new CQG.  Thanks, Clay
ok
thanks
Fuck you. That's how we spell it in Belgium.
nope ive just been busy and a little cranky
done
i applied at house of pies last night.
Carmax showed me a $29000 bid. I'll sell it to you for $29500.
Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict. thanks Kevin Hyatt
not today, but I am going to bring a HUGE batch on Monday.  What kind do you like?
Teb,  Are you available for thi conf. call?  Denise
Something like   "Financial Support- IT & Gas Logistics"
We are looking for the cost estimates for each of the expansions we discussed yesterday (except Red Rock and TransPecos)
sounds like it was a false tip!
Just let me know what you want and next time I will get it for you.
But I'm going to try and keep it down to minimum.
well, i was just in a meeting for an hour...
yes
Friday at 9:00am works for me.  Where?  Kim.
thanks
i have to set it up in sportsline.com - i'll have it done before the end of the day
No executed NDA received.
nice
didnt keep it
much better thanks
lets definately play tomorrow.
ok, but why the bar you cant drink
I think so, sent the e-mail Thursday.
maybe
YEA MAN..YOU JUST SAY THE TIME..I GOT HERE AT 6:30 A.M. AND LEFT HERE AT 8:30 P.M. LAST NIGHT..
They tried not to show their back-ends-it was rather bazarre
see other email. no.
yep.  looks like i found the formula.
it was fun but i am so tired today
Hey dork! What time does the flight arrive?? Cameron wants to see you!!
just getting applications at denny's, house of pies, appleby's and chilis
this is looking good.
ok sweetie.  hugs and kisses for you
Not yet. Let's make sure it's ok with her.
YUK!
I will get them done today.
nice
713 225 1230
Interesting thanks.  Any word on the transcript?
didn't you call me?   Stacey Bolton Environmental Strategies Enron Corp 713-853-9916 direct  713-303-2632 cell  sbolton@enron.com <mailto:sbolton@enron.com>
i can't go yet.  come down here.
MTV music awards Thursday September 6th - Hopefully we get another Britney strip tease this year.
very funny.  so when are we leaving?
what are you looking for specifically?
susan_m_scott@hotmail.com is the email address..then the name is simply Susan
Any flexibility to move it up to November 1?   If there's no flexibility, that's fine.
:(
no-just a real man
GOOD MORNING BABY.
damn your good
That's fine.  Not critical.  Jeff
Yes it will also be there today.
No There.
Thankyou!
We are doing a gag gift exchange.  Usually it is pretty good, so try and bring something.
ok
we are on 32  -e
come back to work?
are you thawed
i would really like to go now
YOU ARE A BRAT!!
does your camera work?
the crown plaza next door
well, after your pep talk this morning ... it's worth checking out for sure.
Yes, we can wait until Thursday.
when?  and if I needed a ride up there, could I tag with you guys?
i think so
have a safe trip love brad
You're an asshole
not lately
The loss is part of the $1.45 million.  The loss occurred due to generator repairs.
Ya, ps... I'm dumping me options... press is for shit today
It's showing the percentage of capacity subscribed vs. total capacity.
Don't make me tell Jacobson.
Thank you!!!
elpaso, same thing  Want to trade options?
looks like its 2 Gs to go to kansas city or st louis.  too far to miami, etc.
I finally found the damn trigger?or at least figured out what it was for!!!
why?  sorry.  :(
nevermind
good morninig i have your beauty blotters itis $5.00 plus tax.
sorry
Thanx
This morning.  If I don't give you a call by 11:30, call me.
your move is scheduled for the evening of Monday 11/26.  hk
Lisa -  I would recommend that you send Mike Day the language to clarify #3.  Jim
yep, how are you,drinks tonight?
um, how about next door
Yes it is.
i think another cross street is vermont and welch.  i think
I didn't know Blair lived up there. Do you think it's too late to flake on the deal?
for the estate goofy.  have i told you how much i like the estate?
I don't see where we are in the loop below.  Who will ultimately approve cash on these things?
We put him in the West Orig team and he is being cut.  Tych will notify him today.
i am ready to go home right now.
Either day works for me - how about you Jane?
what is you msn name
Thanks for her address
I have a massage at 4pm so let's say around 6pm. Jackass.
ditto
can he swing through downtown houston on his way to kingwood from tomball
what is wrong is that i want my little redhead
OOPS!!   Try that
??? I don't feel any better.
what does that mean?
I love it when you say that.
Are you down there now?
I already had you down for 2000, did you do an incremental 2?
Sara,  Nancy asked me to send this summary to you.  Call if you have any questions.  Eric
Then I guess I should trust you
Deal 1038590 should cover the Oasis/HPL Katy pool. Deal 1038591 should cover the PGE/Oasis pool.  D
maybe
tom brady - bishop was cut a long time ago
Thanks!
11:15 am - 2:00 pm
She needs a higher prc rating for an office. rick
when?
yes, and the template should not be an ISDA template
P00503778.  Have a great day - Hope you got some rest!
Great. Thanks, B
yes for once
Thanks!!  Kim
Kim - Is there a particular person in PA I should talk to about this?  Thanks.
you sure...I know I don't add much value, but I do not want to put stress on everyone else. PL
Have we had any difficulty with Koch paying us for deliveries?
You lucky girl.  Let tell me all the interesting stuff that's going on!!
None
I'm trying to get ancillaries into VAR.  Do you agree with synopsis? Thanks Frank
YOU BET I CAN!!
yes
Does this make us feel better?
What is the ETA? Thanks
what is you msn name ?
No.  what do they do?
Let me consult my partner and get back with you in the morning.
I think that you forgot to attach it.  Can you re-send it to me
all loaded  chris
yes. do you need something?
thank you
i'm going to run errands.  i'll talk to you later?  how long are you staying today?
Sorry - I think so.
we are looking into it - will also find out the P&L on it
Met sounds good
i guess it didn't come through
Shirley,   vkamins   Vince
Still shoveling.  How are you? Is Barbe down there?
Done! Have a great day!
What are you doing at work at 6:30?
why?
stop lying
FYI
i sware they did.  i do not lie.  i couldn't see you from there anyway.
goin'?
Thanks - appreciated
i think you need two days off
leave me alone!
i'm all alone over here.  why dont you come keep me company.   what time are you leaving
call me.  i cant find your number through the operator.
ok just checking
You got it.
i will promise
30K
i thought so too : )
Susan,  That address didn't work.  Please check it.  Thanks, Mike
See you at noon.
yep
Amita is now free
thank you
call me 8539636
Joe,  We are in process of setting up a phone interview with him.  Vince
not sure, meet you in the lobby?
Looks good to me.  I think we should post it in the critical notices and/or balancing documents section.
john,  could you please send me the report for the week.  thanks  k
you are such a liar
Yes.
you're a trouble maker.  aren't you?
Nichole, The EID# to use belongs to Kathy Bass, our Department assistant.  Kathy's EID# is 10002583.  Richard
what do you mean?
dont try and be like me
you're cooking?
Thanks!  Stacey
How many pts are you giving me?
I'll take care of it.  You'll receive a confirmatory e-mail from the system.  Thanks.  Eric
16.10  Ginger Dernehl Administrative Coordinator Global Government Affairs Phone# 713-853-7751 Fax# 713-646-8160
I have interest
How is that ?  I don't have my work out clothes with me.
no really.  it was a blast.  little tired but i can rally for tonight.
i don't get it
it wasnt at the top of my to do list
Waiting on Arnold and Presto Should have shortly
It wasn't "Shackles" silly.  The 1st song is "What A Friend We Have In Jesus".
vladislav@lycos.com   STAY in TOUCH!!!  :)
its in 10 minutes.. the gas piece
give me a call 3-6203
Thanks.
Thanks
Thank you!
Rick,  Thanks. Let me know if you need to discuss further.   Regards, Frank
Feel free to ignore.  I'm talking to Adriana now.
yea, call me when you're walking out
i found a place.  i love it!  it is off of  west main and hazard
I will definitely!!
im not sure yet, let me know what you are doing
Yes, I'm in.  Kind of tied up today.
i'll just need a receipt and you're done
NOTHING..WHAT IS YOUR IM??? THIS IS WACK
ok.  i will take it.
Steve,  What was the Oneok issue?  What does Ann mean by "ETS was releasing gas to Oneok"?
Given our limited corporate resources, can we cut the IT newsletter?
i will let you know what bar i will be drowning my sorrows in!!
thats sad
Things seem to be fine.
Been there, done that.  This doesn't allow us to you have to be based in London!!!
because i want to go
I'll meet you in the bar when I get out of here
Easy there... Everything will be okay...
I am sure you guys will be on your way home be the time us risk guys leave. PL
I traditionally send them on Tues morning.  I will send it tomorrow.
That is Presto's.
i am not going to replay a drunken conversation with you.  you will have to remember on your own.
you tell me why and i will seriously think about it.
Yes.  But I'm not sure what it is.
Thanks
Monday 9-10 am. Mansoor
Tracy, 	Did you want to expense these costs in Eric Gadd's cc? 	Mary
Ok I have it here. I'll bring it up
OK, thanks.
but that's being polite.  you are quite a bit older than me you know.
hey what does xoxo mean?
Waiting on it from UBS.
Vladi,    Try this
You're teasing me.  Do tell...
I will be leaving probably in about 30-45 minutes
What?
Great - no changes
thanks!
Thanks
No problem.. I'll put in by tomorrow.    Geo
Can't today - next week?
what do you mean one of..?
sounds great
i can't sing.  that was a joke.
Can you have someone set it up, including KB and Ryan Reitz?  Thanks,  Kay
i wasnt
I am not sure I understand?
thnx
this represent a big shake up?
around 4:00, i am going to smoke now if you feel like taking a walk
Looks pretty cool.  I think we can use it
In what forum will this be discussed?  Jim
me too, is chris leaving
i'm the king
On term server 2 again?  Michael S. Tully michael.tully@enron.com Application Support, Portland (503)464-7790 Desk (503)807-7862 Cell
because i thought you were
thanks!
no plans...where were you last night?
what do you want?  just name it and I will do it.
and how might you want to be involved???
given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?"
that's even worse, stratego
thoughts on the stock market?
Attached is the report you requested.  The report does include Louise Kitchen; however, she is technically assigned to ENW.
on yourself?
how does this look?  will send to cogan as soon as you take a look.
thats awesome, ok i will see you tomorrow
OUCH!  I guess Kerri won't be inviting me to go to a Dolphins game next month.
June settled at 3.738.   No pressure to pay but wanted to document.  Later..
she does origination on the desk
2001.
P&L
are you being mean
Here it is, Vanek!
to check out the weather
just the messanger
I don't need to ask. Every party Dave has is BYOC
trying to stay up to date on the current fashions??
FYI Only..know anyone?  I'm keeping a file.
Thanks    Mark Pickering  Chief Technology Officer  Enron Net Works, LLC    __
so you are drunk then - that is what i thought
sweet.
do you have anything with some current information to see what should be entered into each column?!
ummm helloo
yep
aga just came out
Joe?
The "revised" bear looks better, a little softer, more cuddly.  I'd do the revised version. kh
nothing i just wanted to get out of here for a minute
I had lunch at bell's cafe yesterday. They are the red brick townhouses on 14a st. Moving back Sept. 15.
Yes. I would think a phone interview next week would be in order.  Alan
I don't think Brian can go - but can I extend the offer to him?
Yes,
i found foster.  i think that he'll be in.  he is stopping by my house tonight.
Are you going to bring it to me tonight?
I have a meeting tomorrow from 10:30-11:30.  I do not have anything else until 2:00.  Stacey
good.  that is what i like to hear.
Mark Scott is with Enron he is responsible for all Enron circuits.  Danielle
consider it tossed
This Friday
Gerald:  The confidentiality database does not contain an entry for OGS Pipeline.  Take care, Ed
go to programs, system utility apps, and then msn messenger.
Thanks.
See revised version
YES
I would like to get it to someone at FERC on Thursday.
yeah baby!
yep
Phillip -    Lets try this one..Thanks!   Adrianne
Yup
Gee, now that's a "rib"-tickler.
Mike,  What's your fax number?
What is the mailing address for the Calgary office?
Marie,    Are you free for lunch today - Jane and I need to escape.
Marchris heard John Orr.
You are right...same bat time...same bat place
John, that was great!
Y
Thanks!
Let me or Gerald know if you have any questions.
thanks.
you still mad at me?  you were pissed last night.
Bass and Parks.
oh ya probably.  i will continue to freak out myself.  :)  what are you eating piglet?
good, since i don't think riordan would take me.  best,jeff
yea
the one downtown or on shepherd?
I'm still interested in being involved, even if I'm wearing an EGM rather than Research hat.  Steve
Yes, but when I click on it, I do not get the letter/notice.
you'll get it
Sitara# 1143983
sure, love to, but where or at what number to call.  happy new year   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
like me
wed after work  what's in it for us?
I just called are you at your desk?
around 3
What did she say?
Do you have it with you?
Am on my way. See ya in a few.  Harry
what is a bullet swap?
puts i assume.   for what months?
what are you doing?
so where are we going to go?
have you had any feedback since we last talked?
32C2 from 4-6pm
Still waiting for a job offer - I will be unemployed from December 17th.  M
ok baby.
Sorry,  Jean Mrha's assistant should have it.
you can anyway
CAN WE RUN THIS FILE EVERY NIGHT?  ARE THE POSITIONS FROM OUR PERSPECTIVE OR THE COUNTERPARTY'S?  THANKS!
thanks.
do i need to come and slap some sense in you?
I hope this works..
Prentice will call you.
sure
thanks!
Hey, prices are down, it's not going to be that bad of a day
thanks - stupid though isn't it!
9369 TOMORROW
Feels better now
That's what I'm hoping, but if not Barbara said she would work on it.
So am I!
Thanks, Vince. Alex
Chris, I will look into this.  Paul
im leaving, see ya
somewhere for a drink maybe
I thought you'd find it.
At any price?
who is not above 500?
5:00...what are you doing tonight?
you find me the explanation to all and i will find the day!
Done in 11/20th P&L Kimat
yes
Thanks! this is better.  Did you by any chance start working on the large map? Monika
figures
Okey dokey.
You should have it already.  Give me a call when you get a minute.  Thanks.  Jeff
them just jokes
sorry for the delay Vladi, my mind has been somewhere else.
March 13-16th.  You in?
thanks
Do you want to send it to Roeline or do you want me to?
Sorry, Continental.
yep,  what are you doing later?
Wednesday is good.  I will put you down.
I have not seen a termination notice.
Done  DG
can you buy 10,000,000 more please
So is there nothing for us to do?  Thanks. Lynn
ok no more happy hours
I would like to talk to you about this at your convenience.
bye
it is a done deal.yes
Yes, he did call back and is looking into obtaining ESC docs. filed of record in Assumption Parish, La.
ok so lets get out of here
whatever I want
ok have fun
I'll be there.  DG
ok let me think about what it said.
thanks again!!  Kim
No problem!
no joke,
I would let her know that there is no definite timeline but we are closing a transaction next week.
the best kind
youre in trouble
You and me both!
where are you?
interesting . .  thanks for the update
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
You're welcome.
did i tell you that you sure know how to whine.
I believe it is Louisiana Pacific.  Steve
oops - it's ksward63
Saturday, June 9 through Wednesday, June 13.
2001 Estimate $36.5  2002 Plan $35.5
I don't get it
i don't remember what it said exactly
I think yes.
I probably won't be able to leave until 4. I'm sure you'll be gone by then.
I will be in.
where?
Done!
if they demand this on thursday, i'm going to put their nat gas operation out of business.
he he i am so funny!  and you are still a big jerk!  who all is up there?
OK for me.
you have already won.  check schedule. PL
not a bad thing if you get a job out of it. PL
stop
you know, whatever.  i will let you know later.  what are you doing tonight.
Thanks, Celestine, everything appears to be working fine..
Not anytime soon, but within the next couple of weeks.
i thought that was slick
thats not bad
$151,349.24 	 $59,330.85 	 700778.3	700783.3
sure
Good. Lets talk that morning.
See attached revised.     Stephanie
what class
no, i still need 1149026 invalidated and then i can change counterparty name.  thanks.
Cool!!!
no.  you are so gullable.
i have forwarded you all the numbers...
not sure.  why?  so you can harass me?
Done.  You are confirmed for Reorientation on 3/7 in the afternoon.
I am sure I didn't do as good a job as Michael Keeton did!
moulds for mack... O
you think?  don't worry about it.  i'm not.
party girl
Go with Ina
Looks right
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
no fear---lets just hope my liver can take it after fri and sat night
great news --- thanks so much
That's fine
Did you use a market or limit order? You don't need to lift offers in a falling market.
i don't know.  so you can drive and e-mail and almost hit concrete baracades at the same time.
i am serious, you can find one day
Thanks for the update.  Karen.
Can you provide an appropriate waiver document?  Thanks.  Terry
i had to go thaw.
Thank you!
How about Tuesday the 20th?  Should be relatively slow.  Jim
Thought you might like this!
I wasnt accusing you I was just stating a fact
p	40 o	15
because i cant get my way
I forgot I have a 4:15 doctors appt
i am on my way   Justin Rostant Phone: 713-853-6460 Mobile: 832-264-6333
EB3907
ahww
Here it is, it is not yet in final form.
Enron Methanol Plant
im bummed
If I could get something as simple as Lost Time, vehicle accidents, or such I would appreciate it.
you don't have one here.
THANKS ANDY.  BETH
Today.
promise
I left a message this afternoon.
Yep.  I think they spelled Stout's name right--several times.   O.K. so it's a bit self-serving.
Sue's back today.  She and I can get info for you today.  Best, Jeff
good.  i am tracking it to make sure that they receive them and get things off to the trustee.
See changes proposed to Q&A.. still working.
I already did in the previous e mails
Thanks, Richard.  Still need your EID#.  Nichole
For the most part the term of the back to back was 23 years..with step up volumes.  BT
Do you have anything for HomeTown Communications Network.  Looking for a gas  contract dated 6/14/01
Silver with Black interior.
Thanks.  --Sally
we are all good how bout you?
I will also be leaving for vacation tomorrow and returning whenever the hell I feel like it.  : )
whatever
Great we will buy Chicos out!!
they won't be playing but they will be tied up to a post for our enjoyment
$1MM.  Could be another $45,000 because of interest rate decreases.
what kind of bar is that?
you're welcome!  you need to cheer up.
Not that I know?  Jim
I'm glad you approve..I was hoping you would.
does today or tomorrow at 3.30 work for you?
anytime
yes, I know him and will call now.  Jeff
you use your tongue prettier than a two dollar whore
Regards, Bill x53492
Decided to go a bit longer on the list.  Thanks, Karen.
Can you figure something out for these guys?  Thanks
sure. thanks, kb.
out
Thanks.
Here it is.
Post Midtown Square
I just got back from shopping.  I bought a new outfit for tomorrow!
Is there a Canadian power GTC?
i know , thanks
Let's wait and see, but the 12th is probably better from a transition perspective.
From Bill Bradford
same here
Would 10:00 our time work?  Stacey
don't know...not positive i'm going..i'll give you a call when i'm about to leave the building
I am I meant at 3:45
no i never do, and is that a yes
$18.10/share.  don't make me give suggestions.
give me a call on my cell 807-8928
Thanks, of course, isn't CFSB one of our major lenders.
no he's staying...what about you?
11:30 it is!
you are welcome to invite chance and anyone else down there
Sorry for the confusion.  Thanks for your help.  Susan
wanna join the truck fundy's group under jen fraser?
you tell me a story.
Where are all the assistants sitting?
did you call?
Oh yea, Kentucky... I didn't know St. J's was a top ten though.
last night?  why?
Great!  Thanks, I'd love them.  Is a check, ok?  I'm good for it.  (wink, wink)
probably not far from the truth
Hey Ami,   I am sorry what were you looking for?   Monika
THANX
border is contemplating a buyout of ene...  (joke...sorry, if this was not funny)
Gladiator, Xmen that is it recently.
Michael --   Your login:  michael.e.taylor@enron.com <mailto:michael.e.taylor@enron.com> Your password: MTRAINING   Thanks, Maggie
Looks good, thanks.   Thanks,   Sean
you bet!  How about Wed. August 15?     Kim.
No interest.
This will have to wait until March timeframe.  They need to do better planning.   DS
you will want to cover arround 85.71, which should happen on or before july
aep goes out and celebrates every night.
i dont know but we would be the prettiest in the industry.
no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time
nothing i was bored
why
i agree, let's keep the BaseDat too.
Oh, you noticed.
whatever you say
Let me know if you had any trouble.  Daniel
Jordan, thanks. Jim
send
so now that we have had this witty banter back and forth - is anyone coming to happy hour?
that is so awful
Don't you worry about that
Gerald:  NOthing with or pertaining to Rusk County Electric Cooperative, Inc. to the best of my knowledge. Kay
i really don't want to go out, but think i should at least stop by.
better than you could have ever imagined.
Dan:  Please add California Cast Metals Association to the list of signatories.   Thanks. Jeff
Mark: Could you (or someone in your group) help with questions 1 and 3?  Thanks so much.  Lisa
When are you leaving today?
thats not allowed
not my job
Thanx
looks good to me.  go get'em!
that's fine...i can meet you by the elevators for the parking garage
we will go from there
Sounds good to me.  I'm out on Wednesday but in the rest of the week.   Jim
Downtown Brown Baby
i agree, its just that i sit on floor where a lot of people can see my screen
no i am just hearing that most everyone got promoted
alright what do you want for warrick dunn?
yes, if you send me the names and the amounts we will be paying, we'll put them together.  mhc
clock's ticking
Yes, shall we meet in my office?  or a conference room?  Sara
Have you located the John Arnold NYMEX terminal and gotten it boxed up yet.
thanks for the look
Did you get my message concerning being out sick Friday and rescheduling?
yes that is correct.  Julie  :-)
FYI
Thanks.  Talk to you soon.
Very creative!
Here you go.
Apparently I have the wrong number. Give me a call when you get out of the meeting.  Chris
None other than the GE case against Power Systems.
You never know!
Thanks G$$  Hook 'em, Baby!!   Hey Bevo, make Ralphie your Beeaatch.
I'll get it set up.  Michelle
Have a great work out.  I wish I could go with you.  Love you.
I just sent him the Mt Hood number, everyone here is going there
sounds good
Yes -  I will be moving to Steve's old offices
A.O.K.  I'll be back in the gym, by Wednesday.
When are you going to finish this thing, 3.00 Hawaii time?
i think that laura and i might go have drinks tonight if you want to come you can.
how about j aron?
i'm not sure
Anne's is in your in-box (right on top); I've asked Vanessa to get you a copy of Mark's.  hk
We're going to have some fun at the Lez bar!
thank you
I'm not interested.  But is it more, or less, than you described?
i think i will wear a suit with a t-shirt like sonny crocket
you are VERY slick!
Thanks!
thanks
Very good question, let me piss some more people off and find out.
no.
great thanks.
i should!  i'm talking to caroline.  that's why i didn't answer.
Duke	Chris Springer	713-989-0967
yeah.  it is math.
Yeah, but I am in a depressed mood and I want to go home and sleep.
k, be there in a few
i figured you might, well go for lunch
thanks co worker
David - Ok with you?   T
I've got it booked.  HAGD, BCDTA, ILY, K.
what is a better restaurant to work at? house of pies or denny's?
actually we are going now. see you later!
no. =20
you're cute
you dont scare me
you would be so bored
ok
ok a crush
39.40 TRADES ENE
I'll be sure to go get my lampshade from the cleaners...
ok, if not champions we can play sweetwater
we've got reservations in the chathambarsinn.com
monthly would be correct!  Thanks!
The meeting is 1:00 in 4254 (my office) on Thursday, Nov. 1.  Thanks. Lynn
Yikes
Weekends work great... any allergies out there??
whatever.  i don't even see any jobs that i want so screw it!  :)
Thanks Kim,  Friday 10:30 works well for Sue and myself.  Where would you like to meet?
Yes and it will accelerate the decline of Western Civilization..
When these are completed would you email copies to me so that I can make the registrations.  Thanks Chris
Dan usually has peanuts.  I need to replace his.
I don't have it on my calendar, do we?
Anytime but Tues or Friday afternoon
can you summarize this and include it in your analysis please.
Paula,  No, I drove.  Vince
Thank you!
how about a hint
Don't we still need the approval of El Paso?
Thanks.  Stacey
Thanks
There are in total 85088 active deals there.  - Zhiyun
Let us know what you are???.click on the below website and answer questions.
I got a new haircut!
Have we made any progress in locating the Reimbursable agreements on the two projects listed below?
whats the whole number
starting point, okay? if possible, please indicate line items you woul like us to "drill down" on
I know nothing.
Hopefully, my notes are correct.  Dial 121 + send.  Passcode: 5333
Golf Tournament names for gas risk management  Jeff Gossett	x37306		Hcp: 10 Errol Mclaughlin	x58274		Hcp: 36 O'neal Winfree	x39686		Hcp: 36 Kam Keiser	x35781		Hcp: 36
what's an infatuation?  you being a brat?  that will never pass
You can!
I am available this morning, 505 623 6778
how about those dutch, or dutchesses
Cheers
7:30 or 8.  i don't care when.
Oops!  Sorry~
20.91
thanks. So I can be physical as long as I have the QSE and PUCT on my side.  Doug
Thank you
I'll get over it, I'm just being a baby!
Noo..  What is your question or concern?
thats better
fyi
no youre not, why arent you here yet
do you want  me to allow them to solicit you?  Just say the word.
yes we control the flow into TW.  ds
Who owns Williston Basin, the storage field, the utility.    BT
are you mad at me or something?  you are being a jerk.
not after today
do you think that you could have let me in on that little detail?
The Yahoo piece didn't say when.  I'm on the phone.  Whatcha doing?  Kay
it says its general admission, are there no seat assignments?  do you want to go sat or sun?
I can only hope I'm not the only one he's showering with attention...
plove & ebrady Thanks. PL
Revised Gas floor plan
what.
Perfect!
Thanks!!!  Please let me know about Greeley, Gerald is getting impatient.  Thanks!
Good idea.  I'll let you know if I end up being available.
I have plans to go to lunch with a friend.  How long are you going to be here?
there is a double standard here so i can't understand
nothing, you just look good so i wanted to hang out with you
Where's the answer
no silly, hot chocolate because it is going to be cold outside.  well and in here.
and
FT Intra Ont - I told my book admin to be looking for it
Are they billing us for 530 dth of transport?  If yes, then its the VNG desk.
Thank you.
Not on a plane, boat or train.  I'll call at 1 pm CDT.
Hi Sara, We are still researching your request. Please allow one to two business days for a respond . Thanks
Thanks Ellen!!!
Jim is at 614-744-2768  Heidi 614-744-2782
How about 1pm Friday afternoon?  You on a plane.  Jim
done
Will do.
FYI; Jubran has signed the agreements; I think this matter is just about over.
See you in class. This class will be in room EB552.  Maggie
I am on five under Upstream Products.
will do.
what do you mean
i guess you didnt hear me talkint to you
Ahh..  you have piqued my interest.
I'm busy that day.  JUST KIDDING>
still here! lets do msn
Let me know how this compares to your feedback.  d.n.
I can't wait!
becuase we are overvalued .. jan01 37.50 2.90 bid
I don't plan to attend the NNG customer accts meeting
That would be fine - just give me a call and let me know when you can meet. JMF
Here is the draft which I believe has been sent to Alan Bransgrove at NSP.
Your are suppose to say "SAME BAT PLACE",.."SAME BAT TIME"..(Smile)
Yeah, I already took care of it with her.  John
nope you have to say yes first
2000 bagby #15403  houston 77002
You're right.
alright I guess
i am gonna drink like a kennedy
Britt, looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn
You are welcome.  What a neat idea - electronic thank you cards.
Hopefully you know what this is about
3264b
What press? All the news I've read is great. You're on crack.
pussy
i was being nice.  you kept starting it and then blaming it on me.  you were going nuts.
Has this been approved by David Oxley?  If not, we can't proceed.  Thanks.  Michelle
Shelley, Steve and I both are fine with the numbers.  Thanks. Lynn
What is this for?
Did you let Leslie know?
Thanx  Hopefully I can get there sometime before the snow falls.  Chris
ok deal
Please test deal #s YC2929.1 YB6452.1 YB7841.5
Hilarious.  I saw you too.  Who was that hunky guy you were with???
Yeah, I know the buisness VERY well.
not at all.  i'm just playing.  you are the grouchy grandpa
My book is FT-enovrt,but I can book it if you tell me who is paying.
um no
Yes, but you already approved.   Scott, What is going on with e-routeIT??
Glad to hear this.  Good move Don
Correct, I'm IN on Wed.
Shirley,   No.   Vince
yes sweetie.  i'll get to see you  ; - )
would you hurry up im bored
Just sold half my ENE's.
Please copy Mike Mazowita on anything relating to gas scheduling, billing and payment.
I think that show is on this weekend on WTN. After Martha Stewart.
ok
is that steffes
very
OR DA FOOL
Jay said they tracked down the issue.  I don't understand it either...
how
See you at 2:30 Thursday.
you will have to ask her.  i don't know who all she is inviting
what time are you leaving
Yes for sure.
nothing else to do and my dad is having surgery next week so i want to see him
i think that they call that withdrawal symptoms
I sure did!  thanks!
Thank you!
Can you get me the specifics on this contract (dates and volumes and delivery points)  Thanks, Theresa
I'm assuming at this point no...they just want to see a draft.
OK for tax.
no i dont know how
That is a GTC also.  Sharon
i know, lets go
i will have to invite myself
Looks good.
You are the best!
deal
or the peck from the movie willow
whatever
Mieco updated.  Stephanie
What are we doing to cover scheduling over the holiday weekend?
Really?
What does Standstill Financial Assurance Amount mean?
Jarek  I have discussed this with Jacek.  The reason for increasing Jacek's package is retention.  Adam
it is going to zero
frank,  which originator should this go to?
602-250-2799, I don't have an email for him.
ok - we will try again
i didnt
Went to the gym. Missed my window. Try again tomorrow.
Sounds good.  11:30?
Tom May, Gautam Gupta, Narsima Mishra
Call Greg Sharp.
mine's still plugging away
Willie G's is fine.  I don't know if Mark's coming.  Is Jerry?
Yes.  I'll get us a conference room on 47.  Jim
bp corp	Albert LaMore	281-366-4962  running the reports now
why me?
I figured you would like it!
thats my goal
we might make sure that the keg frig is equipt
Just the option traders: Harry Arora, Rob Stalford, Steve Wang and Jaime Gualy.  Michael Mattox x34317
fyi
generally, we just go by the terms in the agreement and attach a brief position description.
skirt
.thank you so much
Oh know- my sister is canceling her plans now...do we have one left?
Good for me.
not really, i think that she just felt too sorry for me to say anything.
ok
what do you mean
ok i will keep that in mind tomorrow night.
thank you very much, talk to you soon.  John
How does 3:30 today sound?
Prudential.  Carol Coates???  He said he was working in a 3 person office for a woman,
thanks.
oh so you are talking to me now?
first of all ny was your idea
is that an order?
I understand all the following except the Index-Option.  Why would it be treated as a Spread-Option?  Stacey
Thanks Cheryl.
already done, so I'm glad that was Kevin's response!! :)
Good point.  Let's assign a D to it.  Mat
kisses and hugs you moron! haha
no now in front of everyone.  it is sleeting in dallas!!  i need to go there.
Ava, thanks for your quick reply.  Lynn
drinks with me
Please look at this and let me know.  Thanks
getting launched this friday
OK..see you then.
i think now
Will do.  Computer just got back up!
are you trying to get me in trouble charlie brown?
I assume this is for my info only, or do I need to do something with it.   BT
Holden, let me know if you want to sign up for this fantastic opportunity.
Wanted to share. why that the risk.
Thanks.  See you tomorrow night in the tah moh.
i just want to stick around for a little while to see if i can learn anything
that is correct. PL
Tuesday after 5:00 is good
will it make my leg feel better?
yep, it makes me cough
is it next week yet
I'm up to $21.6MM.  I'll get changes to Faith.  I now feel more valuable!  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
i wish
What is the question?
WE are getting them back
I FIGURED
Jesus,  What about the first few days of February? My last day is the 31st.  Vince
Okay, for WB, it's about $40 million.
i knew you would say that.  i'll get as much as they have.
maybe we will try that. PL
shapiro is a lazier version of Steffes.
I think so
Becky:  Could you please email this agreement to all trading lawyers? (Taylor, Hodge Sager, Aronowitz, Tweed groups?)  Thanks
Done
nope.  he is going hunting.  see nothing has changed.  :)
I believe so! I have it on my calendar at 11:00 a.m.
the question was "to humans" and" by humans "
Bryan,  This change was made effective 5/24/01.  Regards, tm
yes
ok ill be back in a few minutes
I've got it booked!  Mark,  please plan to attend with me.    Thanks, Kim.
The Short Term West Hourly presentation is now in the  O drive. Thanks for the email...
Revision to document.
Thank you sir
No but very nice stuff!!!
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
No tax either.
ravi,  larry may was out on friday & wants to reschedule please see the following.
i watched "happy thanksgiving charlie brown".  i was laughing because Marcie calls Peppermint Patty "sir"
ok let me know
Please send a power and gas book request for Andy Zipper.  Thanks, Stacey
thanks man
yep what are you doing
me also
yeah
Chris:  Looks fine to me - particularly if Lance has OK'ed it.  Hope all's going well.  Jeff
don't be stupid.  i wouldn't do it straight up when i could get points.
thanks,   i'll be there today
Always interested in chatting.
I'm heading out now. See you in sec, Sky ring/garage
sorry charlie, so how are things
This should help you.  Kam 3-5781
did nt make that cut
you make me so jealous
Who was going to put the nom in?
Charles and Susan are in the building.  Robert where can I find you to discuss some issues?  Jim
not really and no
Lynn  The amount referenced by Kevin was probably written by Debbie about a year ago.
just messing with you.
Nice!!
this could be useful.  Is there a cost?  Can we get a free trial period?
i have up to $100 - 2 games a push 3 i win and 1 you win
Received.  Thanks
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2...
No one has said for sure but probably in two to five weeks.
Let's catch up tomorrow.  It's been a tough couple of weeks, uh?  K.
Ooohhh..a new adventure!!
Heather,  Did you attach the file to this email?
that's not fair and i'm about to kill myself
um, i dont know
just remember me when you are the boss and are hiring
ATS is not new origination and shows through the MPR.  All the rest were too small.  Louise
thanks
Importance:	High   FYI..Can you make sure this gets done?
Philip,  Frank's E-mail:  wolak@zia.stanford.edu   Vince
OFFERS
Don't have one personally..picking up the keg from one of my restaurants & we don't have them.
nobody from the first tower made it down, right?
These would be in the debt tests performed for the lenders.  Do you know the answers?
thats the way i feel about sir
yes thanks John
let's go
I would agree - do you have any I-Bank presentations on this?
you are an impatient one..
Please respond to I wish! :-)
sorry...when did you get out of here yesterday?
Its Dana..you know how that works!   Go shopping with me tonight!  Come on!!
Thanks.  Do you know why the meeting with Jeanerette was cancelled and when it will be rescheduled?
I thought we already told them to exclude those portfolios???  Stacey
what color is your poodle
Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
Jennifer who?
Bill 713-528-0759
ok
no really
Hopefully just once a week, every Thursday.
It has been reserved for every other Monday on a go forward basis?.so yes it is available today.  Jessica
Thanks Monika  What about monthly volatility, instead of annualized volatility.  Dirk
Eric - Could you please check with Earl on my Red Cedar question?  Thanks.
Attached is the list of TX customers included in the sales effort.
I believe all deals going forward.  Am I right, Max?
No
would you stop lying about the guy, Im not going to hold it against you for staring
nope to be nice
you can answer me in ny
why?  don't you think you would lose that bet?
Remember, those cannot be used for blackmail when I run for mayor of New York.
That sounds great! I have big smile on my face now!
i am coming back to work.   do you need me to take you to pick up your car?
Can you wait until 1:20?
Thanx
Love it
dana good morning i have your makup.
oh please.  because i was drunk.
This week is crazy for me, lets try for next week.
i think she has gone home.
me
Bogucki's guy.
deep six?
what??
MEETING TODAY IS CANCELED..PICK ME UP AT THE USUAL TIME.
I'll check and let you know
yes
Thanks and good luck.
thanks for the vm incredible! lunch next week? have a great 4th
Please keep me up to date.  Thanks.
goodbye!!!
Sounds good.
for at least another couple days
That sounds good.  Let's touch base at the end of the day.  JK
May I join you now?
Yes.
And you Address
lets go
FYI- SO
Cindy knows about it.  We are aiming for 11:30 CST.  Is that a convenient time for you?
Was this message for me?
Have no idea
better watch out for hunters  DG
Do you want to receive this weekly headcount report from HR?  Recaps weekly hires, terminations.  TS
very nice
damn you are fast
These both track with the last drafts that I saw and commented on.
Here is the gas file.
maybe a little.  we have some things to work out.
is it still snowing?
cp
not really how about you
you think that you will get off that easy huh?  did it do you any good?
those photos are all stretched out.  i can't believe you don't think she is pretty
it is retranslated already.  thanks
actually i hate it, are you guys still getting lunch up here
What was the total at check out?
Great news...are we doing anything specific?  Can we take her to lunch?
Scary
Sure
prove it
i don't know about that!
Are we still friends??
this is apparently falling apart as I type this.  For your reading pleasure, I send the attached.
are you working out accross the street
okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?
I've mentioned both Becky and Leslie to Barry.
you are absolutely wrong
I'm in all week.  Jim
thanks bro.  with the stock at 4 bucks there is a huge risk premium.  ckl
Thanks.  BTW, I don't show you as logged into MSN messenger.  K.
why?  what happened?  call me.  i'm here now
The Bible for the portfolio is being copied - will forward copy over to you when completed. Regards, Edmund
you're cute!
I can be there to introduce and then drop out.  Patagonia is in Ventura, CA
yes
How's this?
Do you prefer that I take out the added language for future agreements?
k.  guess who's book i get to start running..yours and mr. smiley zipper face!!  :)
Let me check with Travis and get back to you.
sounds good.
How is it being monitored by Big brother?
I suppose PL
What does that mean?
Number three is looking good. Talk to you Monday.
im bored
how is wanting hot chocolate being cute?  i can't win!!
coffee?
ok
Mike:  Possible to get a copy of the filing ASAP?  Greatly appreciated.  Best, Jeff
huh?
From whence shall we pick you up on Friday, assuming a 1 p.m. departure? 1400 Smith or 2001 Holcombe?
713-584-1234
it was good but not as relaxing as they used to be
peanuts it is.
b/c i wanted to read a story freak
Importance:	High  Here is the letter of credit format Enron sent him.     Thanks,  Nidia x3-4868
That picture is going to occupy most of my day.
I'm going to shoot for 3
Yes.  We hold a very big position with NPC that rolls off at the end of '02.
sounds good.  see you there.
How do the 13th or 20th of November work?
no i am not lying.  i flew here last night.
your still done!
good i'm glad that you are promising to come tomorrow night!
ooohhh, I'm excited!
Actually Margaret I have a meeting tomorrow at 9. Can we reschedule? What about 8:30 am?
Thanks for the invite but I have a family commitment on that day.  Tom
went this morning - did you go?
what do you mean
Yes.  I have 3:00-4:00 on my calendar for Thursday, October 25th.  Please let me know the location.
We have a bottle that's been open about a week - should be perfect!
Gracias!  Nicole Mendez  Sr. Administrative Assistant EWS - Financial Operations EB 2375D Phone: 713-853-1431 Fax: 713-646-5997
Can we overnight them?  and are you sending them to Art?
How? Unless the purpose was to not settle October...which would defeat A purpose of you working here...
Cool - we are ready.
ok
what do you mean you guess?
Yup
iIHAVE FORWARDED YOUR REQUEST TO  KIM WARD  713-853-0685.
this works
No problem.  JK
promise
Yep, one thing I'm good at is being wrong (just ask Molly).
sorry to diappoint you, but wet sweater.  and you still have issues
I don't know yet.  We'll just have to see.
Friday is good!
Zydeco is Cajun...do you have any other suggestions?
have you sent it to frank?
OUCH
9:00-10:00 okey?
Nothing is off the table.  I want a Owens or Moss.
either is fine.  that would be great.
1
Thanks.  So far so good but I'm too damn old to be a dad.
ask her to let us know the outcome of the conversation tomorrow asap.  thanks
how about friday
Are you aware of this?
Yes Mr. Dorland, we have received your fed ex package.  Thank you.  Best Regards, Julie Clyatt (713) 853-3256
Thanks
I'm with you on that
OK, Jim trying to call you now.
it was good.  had some good meetings and stuff like that.  didn't party or anything.
yes, I approved, after talking wtih Weil.  Michelle
It's great news having you stay. Larry
Just replace me with you
they're yours!  and, it comes with a new car!  and a case of turtle wax!
thanks.
whatever.  are you going to workout?
Is she the one who kind of looks Hawaiian?
On the base model. Mine has 6K in options. It is totally loaded. Silver/Black with 3800 miles.
ok grouch
the burden of proof rests on your shoulders
where did you go?  i saw you leave
Look at the El Paso exp.  This isn't the one already is service.
just did.  let me know what she says.
Probably not.  I am engaged in Mass. and have been working on a relationship w/ Connelly
i hate you
why maybe
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
thanks. i'm guessing most of those were hitting the aga number..
Yess! You may call me at home or page if you need to.  DS
how'd it go?  and how you doing?
looks good kh
i can't wait
I fixed it.  Thanks.
They are gone.
perfect, are you working with me
Thank you.
What time would be good for you starting at 1:00 pm?  Thank you, Claudia
yes.
You bet, Jan and Tracey already have it on their calendars.
plus .015 for the curve adjustment
Thanks
yeah i know, but admit you laughed.
no way, jose!
try this   << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
Done
How about 9:00 am on Tues?  I'll come see you.  Thanks, kim.
thanks
to ny?  why?
The good news is, we don't owe a mediation fee, right?  Lizzette, I'll give Jack a call.  Michelle
nice
There you go!  How is Houston?
ABOUT 15 MORE MINUTES.
I assume this means that the payment was made and not swept back by Enron Corp.?
doing anything this weekend
We don't have them here, but I will call Stamford and see what I can do.  Thanks! Amy
putting on your shirt to go to the bathroom in the dark??
2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee  - Silver  (the silver bullet)
good job.
How easily we forget -
debra,  thanks for the language. I am using it with the deal details for the confiirmation. lisa
um..no..sorry - i guess he is why you are watching?  aren't there good looking boys on the island?
I've got Thursday booked.  Thanks, Kim.
your welcome
thats not working call me x36798
Jan is on the list..
Gracias!
i like it - how much?
please
Have you met her
Importance:	High  See Duke's comments attached.   Kim
Tom Dick.
$0.50 last
no I dont know how it works, and who told you
Did you watch Ally last night?
a secret for me too? What's wrong with you? I thought we were friends
Nothin'.
as opposed to
i'll think about it
you need company?
why do you say that
Importance:	Low
your very funny
Yes.  I love their music.
no
I guess we find the location by project number.
Is this deal still a go?
whats your number
whatever
Let's meet at Christi's desk on ebS5 and find a conference room.  Jim
sorry, I was thinking bi-directional and wrote unilateral.  The CA with Panda should be bi-lateral.
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
A skirt and a shirt.  I am really mad because I couldn't find shoes to match though.
i'm confused!  you need to drink!
Thanks, Jeff.  I will get you more info for you and your team in early November.  --Sally
no i did so come up and visit
i am too tired to type
I am gonna drink like Jenna Bush
5:30
should i put the word in for you to trade the futs for ene estate ..
howcome you didnt make fun of my yellow shirt today
175,000
Sounds good to me.
i'm bored.  tell me a story.
How about Wednesday?  Kim.
Debra, I need a contract number for deal 1100834.   Can you help me?  Sean
Nothing.  I'll give him a call.  Jim
piss off you should thank me.  i'll call you later
WHO WILL BE HOSTING IT?
did you talk to him
I like a little rough, I would never beat you. :-)
Thank you...I hope everything went well for you and your group.  Please let me know of any issues.
I thought we had to go?
Thank you.
one favor...please type Annex I on the bottom of the 1st page and retransmit to me..many,many thanksbng
no
Don't worry, your reward will come in heaven!
whatever, did you drive today
yes i am
I do not know if you need wellhead, just in case it is 1416535.
I just checked profile manager and that is indeed the case.  tm
yes goofball, i just sat down.
I really want it in Q4 - not Q3
Tx. I often wonder if all reserve amounts agreed to find there way to the general ledger reserve. Rick
i dont really know what he is going to do, i thought i was always the big cheese
Importance:	High  Lindy, were you able to print this slide?  I could not find it.  K.
I want to go to this!
what's wrong with it sir?
Who did you talk to?
have you been mad at me for some reason?
sorry, just got your msg.  cant go today. by the way, you're a lousy friend.
you did not
no you said you watched bits and pieces
i can't wait to hear those.
yes - I'd love to get away
Let's discuss.
I just checked with Jan.  Fuel is at $3.39 in the Plan - OUCH!
because i want to go
Did we send him the names?
I can meet with Keenon today or tomorrow. I will be out of the office Wed-Fri.  Thanks, JMF
thanks for the update!  have a good weekend if i don't see you!
I am not sure I understand what you need here?
http://eastpower.test.corp.enron.com/portal/default.aspx?_PageIndex=0
That is ok with me
List of the final Post ID for the Estate,Bankruptcy and Performing Post ID's for gas and Power.
I am sorry I do not.
I can't remember if I did. The final revised printing cost for 2000 prints, one sided is $821.
Anytime after 4 on Tuesday or anytime Wed. morning.
Here's my cut:
let me know when you are leaving
55 at $37. Your to rich for my blood.
you guys should be up here
ok we will do it another time
yes silly i told you next week.  we are supposed to get an e-mail tomorrow about it.
for you info  lisa
see!  be nice.  do you need alcohol to be nice?
FYI
Wednesday night.
i will handle.
fine!
possibly-in my old age
hope you have a good evening too
DONE, TOOK THE PORK OUT LASTNIGHT
HEY WHAT UP DANA.
I wasn't in yesterday, but its 713-402-3819
yes, we will.  michelle
so YOU watched it??
Sorry for the inconvenience.    Julie
Mark:  Did you get a copy of this from Mike Day?
I'll take all the help and advise that you wish to offer.
Numbers are good.
Ava, do you keep track of the Phoneburst list?  Let's discuss in the morning.  Thanks. Lynn
Yes we did.
a little better, no i really dont think we are, it depends on what happens here, how about you guys?
is wade going too
Cooper,   Please check for this vulnerability amongst your folks and advise soonest...   Regards,   Todd
I am more of a ring ring ring guy..
AOS IS EXPECTED TO BE UNCHANGED FOR THE WEEKEND
Thanks for letting me know.  Tjae
In a nutshell, what changed on this version?  I haven't compared it against the old one yet.
error '80004005'  Unspecified error  /infopostings/tw/asp/et_unsub_capacity_form.asp, line 2
Thanks Gerry.  I did not pick up on that.  Lynn
god, i'm trying to be nice.  jerk
Anne,  For the time being it's fine. She will soon become an associate.  Vince
I would be glad to do whatever I can to facilitate YOUR working on ENA Upstream.
youre not going anywhere
ill just drive w/you, we dont have to talk
I don't think that I do
Taria,  Thanks for your help, I really appreciate it!
you better have you big jerk
Welcome back!  We need you!!
I see why you do not kiss him.
Oops, sorry...your firewall should have caught it if it was that bad. Btw, I think its very appropriate!!!
you hooked me up on "NACAL-SQWS001D"?
337-7613
Yes - at 3:40 pm.  Will try to leave by 4:00 or so.  --Sally
typing clasa nd i meant to post comments from merrill lynch conference call ion crude board not gas
no
Not unless you can cure laziness. I will call him this week.
I believe Tim has your agreement.    Julie Kearney ENA Human Resources 503) 464-7404  julie.kearney@enron.com
Thanks!  You too.
if you dont let me know
long or short
going to the game.  I'll be at the front porch tomorrow...
we made a couple changes.  thanks  bob
deal
yes it does include both eucalyptus/birch Monika
its easy you are going there for work
it will probably take me until then, so where should we meet
YOU ROCK!!
Sounds great to me.
um ok.
but really?
Your assistant called and asked if I had any notes from Monday's conference call.
yep
Yes, everyone in the group has access to DJI.  We currently have 16 users.  Chris
My 1984 format is a bit out-of-date.
We only win when we SCORE.
thnx
7:30-8.  how does that sound?
Also, 4/13/01
did it work ?
just going home, you?
Kim,  I'm working on finishing this up - can I get you the price tomorrow morning?  Thanks, Kelli
try these AM 610, 950, maybe 740
Thank you.
Thanks very much - perfect.
Ricki, the imbalance meeting will be at 3:30 on Mondays in 1336.  Thanks. Lynn
ok
Thanks!
i am not going unless lisa promises to get all wasted and boob out.
i don't think that i am liking you too much today.
Thanks for checking. Did you get my other message about your OR positions for Jan 11?
It's a filet of beef with bourdelaise sauce.
Your not kidding, I thought we had a good chance last night only to be disappointed in the game!
Rika,   Looks good to me!  DB
thanks
Yep, its there.
Got it.  Thanks.  Jim
what game
No, because they are in networks.
I have to leave the office now.  I will call you around 11:00 and we can meet somewhere. OK.
yea, what are you doing after?
Here it is.
I told you
how do I get to your house after I come in the people gate?
whatever you say.
just for that - you have to go get a beer with me. asshole.
Tana,  Can we please rush this through? They are ready to trade these products ASAP.  Thanks,  Bryan
Marie, I have a copy of the base agreement. Thanks, Sheila
im still wating for one
right, but he's in the gossip circle pretty deep
I'm not sure yet...3:00 maybe
I figured you would think so
I'm back and I'm gong.  My MSN doesn't work.  What time should I come to your desk?
you too
I am handling..
Yes, I already have a call into her.
Thank you so much.
p	42 o	16
thank you
No.  I can't open/print it either.
thank you
i think so, maybe tomorrow
Yes
We are meeting until 5 tonight. When can I call you?
I'm gonna tell...seriously, did she register anywhere?
lets go
you don't care
why
I have it - I will get it to her.
Yank, yank, yank.  Loretta's tubing Davis as we write.  Chill, dude.
We are supposed to be in the new building next week.
I will drive allright.
I'll approve this on today's approvals
done
Night Shift was on Showtime Saturday afternoon - thought of you and your stellar performance of one particular scene.
thats not true
Thanks, Kim - for always sending me my stray emails!  Have a good day (or night)  Kim
why would i want it if it's crap?
thanks
i am going home!  adios!
im sorry its actually really busy right now
i did watch a lot yesterday, but i was tired and slept most of the time.
sure, are you really italian?
people are pretty upset todya.  they have completely fleeced us.
Chuckle, chuckle.
Importance:	High  So are you guys applying?
Yes, my brother.
$6.7MM is not enough?    Chris Calger 503-464-3735
I heard from people who run Republican campaigns that they didn't think he would run. That's all I have.
Thanks greatly.  SHD.
How about Canada?  John
by the way where is my present
I will too
Once again, I've had my inadequacies pointed out and highlighted for all.
You need to get set up on msn messenger. I takes 2 seconds. Ask an IT guy.
Done!  You're welcome!
FYI.  Best regards, Susan
11:30 in the lobby sounds fine.  I would be happy to drive.  Thanks, Kim.
Is this to obtain outside opinion?  I thought we were going to do that at our own expense.
i am gonna drink like boone
starting to. rick
just checking ;)
OK.  We should tell you brother.  Does he use email?
Any time.  Just call.
I'm on aol  heatherswankroll
ok, so did you have a good trip
i'm there... O
done
Yea!  Thank you so much!  I'll try and set a VCR.  Bill
i need to talk to you about work stuff too. are we meeting downstairs in the lobby?
thanks a million PL
Conference room ECS04105 at 3:30 PM
Please add a "daily change" column next to the "total position by trader" column.  Thanks Hunter
ok, i think im going to take off in a minute, i will talk to you tomorrow
yes and i got fat for christmas!!
Importance:	High
Tomorrow it is.  Thanks!!
Actually, he's from Enron (thus the question).  I saw some of that in the paper.  Unbelievable (agreed).
Sure thing.
no.  it means i am excited to go.
sucks to be mediocre, huh?
C'mon guys...comments about which # you like the best!!!
Hi, got your message.  We will have it to you before 4pm.
well thanks for your help charlie brown
That was friday night.
there was no link
How about sometime tomorrow - I not going to be able to come by this afternoon.
If it's fine with you , it's fine with me.
i see.  and where do i tell fred and ny that i am going?
And, how might I get them?  --Lizzette
In the flesh.
no real opinion except short vol
Don't we have our paralegal lunch today?
U suck!
it's on tonight
Make sure Fuller pays up.. I know he has some money hidden somewhere.. thanks. BT
jean irts heard too ad vaaluee wghen yo cun't reed yu're massage
Okay, thanks.
Good!!  I like it!
can we meet at 4:00 instead?
you're dumb
Nothing yet..
Houston time
what do you mean
not jerk, "the king"
Thanks
I don't know, probably 5.  But if you're leaving earlier, I can walk down with you.
Maybe you can bring your stuff next time. See you later sweetheart.
okay
Nope, thanks!
5:00  what about you?
ask Dave if I can run any errands for him in OR
Audrey Robertson, our secry. X35849
Thanks, but no headhunters.   I can't afford a fee.  Michelle
how much
Okay...sounds good!
p	44 o	16
Done
He got me.  Thanks.
yes, I'll do this. Do you have anything for Crestone and Lost Creek?
Girl I know, because it is time consuming to enter into MAPS.  I use to do it.
fyi
Thanks
Thanks so much.
Thank you!  I'm glad you're pleased!
can't believe you left last night.
that's not a good enough reason!  you are worth it for one day!
No.  Do you have anyone in mind?
hey,what up.
can we shoot for Friday at 9am?
Thanks
Have you heard of Mary Mary?
great.  good luck with others.
can you resend.  There was no attachment
fyi. I am following -up on this.
i don't know about that.  i'm a brat!
11:30?
you are one sick fuck
thanks.
robins
really, then you said a lot on friday.  no more happy hours.
what are you guys talking about?
thanks
what do you think?
wade will be home i think.
Hey.. this worked.. have a good day!
that is how i want you to refer to me as "the king"
I think so. They don't register you until the person in charge approves it.
you wrer the one that got nasty
thank you for your help
Yes it is
Yeah, I thought her name was Jessica, but Lynette rings a bell
Let Warren and Tom know that this is a critical.
Those would be products managed out of London.
Yes, Jeff is taking care of this.
Lady with python on one side , Star wars on the other...
I will have Greg Johnston review the list.
ok what time are you leaving
Thanks Tana
yes, he tore his bicep.  it's not a big deal, but surgery's make me nervous
okay, I will...this week!
i'm gonna try
Never did... but glad we were here to ensure it was captured.  BT
Importance:	High  Martin is correct please see below for correct version   Thanks,   Sean
i promise she does.  she said that she had to have a report to louise by the 7th
done
martin martin-- am trying add value by posting rresults from the merrill conference call going on right now
nope and nope
i am incredible
im going to call ny and tell them you should really go up there now
no you are not.
so did i but im working on it now
I'll go look.  Can't remember.
Some additional comments to Jim's.    Andy Rodriquez Regulatory Affairs - Enron Corp. andy.rodriquez@enron.com 713-345-3771
is it really
i hate you!
you are so welcome!!!  i am so bored.
CHANGE YOUR FONT, ITS FAGGIE
Great. Thanks for everyones help.
hmm, I pick wine.
big commission
done :)
really?  maybe it was based on time.
yes
I talked to El Paso yesterday morning.. she is supposed to call me back on a GDD premium..
I hope this works..
Yes I do.  We have a meeting now though.
I almost bet all the underdog - wouldn't been 11-1.  Instead bet mostly favorites.  Yadda Yadda
you are a brat.
k what time were you planning on leaving?  if you have plans we can do it next week
well a little is good
Any idea where this stands?
Therese,  Thank you for always remembering to keep us in the loop! We really appreciate it  spc
DONE. all the Nov 18 curves you entered has been deleted
2-5, so much for the nice machine
that's cute.
OK.  I will have to move my weekly meeting to Tuesday.
please what?
No...just the food is included.  $1 Rasberry & Lemon Drop Shots $2 Beer $3 Margarita's & Belini $4 Well
some crap from pappadeaux
Bastard
I think we should have this discussion at Stan's staff meetings next monday.
the one on the second floor in the other building.
yes
til about 3
thanks man
i have a present
i will tell you later.  this guy up here is grossing laura and i out.
sweet ... what's the news down there?  has Jeff told y'all anything?
Check out the sound bytes
Wow, I'm there
This will be fine.    ds
DUH!!  I want company.
any day you want to go, Brian is out of town, so just let me know
you're going to be done before I can get off
ill be over   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
at a deli?
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
James will send something out shortly
no why?
nobody important
This is coming from Kathy Reeves.  Give her a call.  Stacey
That's fine.  I don't need AEP.
what about hull?
Thanks
Mike,  Any thoughts?  Vince
who in eol is pulling the plug ?
Sounds like a good plan to me!
not enough
no
meet you at the elevator
Here is a list of Pete's EOL products. Thanks.
i'm funny.  don't you think?
Carthage.  Thanks,   Eric
my charlie brown thanksgiving video and i didn't make fun of you to anyone.  what color is your shirt?
You're not old silly!
i think ive been a little too nice lately, i didnt want to spoil you
a little fiesty this morning??
Ok.  How about breakfast on Thursday?  Jim
Everything looks good to me. Please deliver to the counterparty.  -Darren
thanks charlie
Hey, today is my last day. It has been a pleasure working with you. Good luck. Joe
As soon as we set the time I will invite them.
No.
He didn't say
call me.
4:00 goode company seafood
Thanks John.
i can come over there, what is your desk #?  i will be there at 9:30.
stupid yahoo msg  went down
are you sure about that?  i am bored.
could you also send a copy to Lynn Blair and myself.  thanks fs
Tara,  FYI - Friday's and today's deals are now booked correctly.  Thanks,  Dan
Got it. It's fine.
Not a whole lot.  I didn't work out one day while you were gone. How was your vacation?
about this...not counseling...just this situation i have gotten us into
Cool! I'll send out a confirmation next week.
Cheers big ears
I would like to nominate OU's 16-13 defeat by OSU as the Most Humiliating Upset of the Year.
Done!
Yes, no problem.  Thanks.
You're very welcome!  You have a good new year also.
go ahead and buy on that news.  you know its going to be bullish!!!
if its early i can
Edie,  The ETS numbers ($199,060) don't seem to agree with the detail sheet ($195,323)?  Thanks,  Robert
Me, too.  My little boy watches it all the time.  Maybe we can watch it together!
No problem.
i resent that last comment
Word..when will it be a good buy? 8 ??
you're killing me.
talking to Lavo at 4pm CST.  10-Q not out yet on EDGAR.
We are still waiting for you approval on this. Thanks, Francis
Thanks Mary Kay!
i did
let's hear the explanations first
not burned
3-5
No
kill it?  do one for 5 g's?  go by word of mouth.  lemme know.
not your fault
Any idea how power looks?
Yes,  This looks to be a separate deal and mine was only a spot deal.
No, and no.  Jeff
ok ill be nice
Michelle: Are there any summary economics for this yet?
Attached is what I ran out of TAGG settlements for 12/2001, book W*.
Thanks, Marie.
started but got pulled out. waiting to see louise/lavorato out having baby today. buy is ok.
Cecilia,  Can you run it for ENRONENESERINC, please.  Thanks,  Errol
I am - thanks for more of it!
19 south altwood circle  the woodlands, tx  77382
yes
which brian?
You bet.
i was looking at march - but i guess january would be the lastest we have.  so yes;
still hoochi clothes?  cool!
I saw that, expected .08 came in .03. sales shriveling up like nuts in cold water
Importance:	High  Over to you!
you just don't quit do you?
i thought i was joining you
What is wrong?
good possibility I'll be back down there
Man - I've traded up..typically I max out at the $0.50 whore.
thanks i thought so
don't know.  ask a brit.
That's fine.  If I don't hear from you, I'll drop you a line or stop by your desk.
5:00 sharp--same place, same time!
thanks.
I'm fine.
Works for me also.
I juts don't think it is the most prudent source of funds - lets do more research on advertisement mediums
pual buachman is the trader , can not say that i know him though
Check to see if King or Herndon know him from their days at Dynegy.
You are my hero.
then get your big butt out of the chair and go
yes
but you will only go if charlie goes?
no relation  that clip isn't the full one though.
Please let me know if you still need Curve Shift.  Thanks, Heather
Pat, thank you for sending this to me.  Do you by chance have Bill's home address?  Thanks. Lynn
NO just FYI.
You're welcome.  I hope all is going well with you.
Lets discuss when you have a minute. Rick
Updated
yep, please
what does LOL mean?
Sorry for the oversight.  Bill
Please contact Ellen Wallumrod or Stacey Richardson.
all of them
Is this 12:00 Eastern or Central?
I don't know -- I think we've categorized them as severance, but maybe we should get with Mackin.  MHC
How about 11:30 downstairs - Jane is coming!
none
mcuilla mlc55mlc
I think it was the version Dan used to prepare the confirmation.  Do you need it?
We can put him in sean's seat
i don't think that i can go.  maybe next week.
That's exactly the way Marci put it on Squawk this morning.
Just let me know when you're ready and I'll come down.
understood.  I think Kayne needs some help in working through MDEA.  Kay
how long are you comfortable keeping these prices open?
now?
what is comanche?
is he ok
i can't go.  i'll walk out with you though.
Everything has been submitted.  You just might want to take your phone bill off your corporate card now.
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>  [Musch, Susan]
ok
where/when should we meet
thanks
i cant because i need eol to beep when it trades
Are you nuts?
not really    Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
yes.  how about 1pm, you name the place.  thanks,  fletch
Sorry about that.  Here you go.
FYI.
ouch
youll see
What is your im name
As requested, here is a new credit worksheet.
my thoughts exactly..my boys said thanks for the practice.
All right, Men, Joe has a valid point?Any comments?.Where is Chad?
sweet.  you can start by picking up the tab at capital grill.
John Disturnal.. Why?
i got a little busy, where were we
No, I have not been included on this list yet.
It should be under Business Applications...is it not there?  Julie
In houston tomorrow afternoon until thursday.  what is going on?
Any idea when or if we will receive the money?
What the hell is going on?  That sucks!
thanks
Why?
I wear the color downtown brown.
Thanks.
Thanks a lot, I really do appreciate it!!
Here you go...     AC
does that mean i need to cover
Here are the Claims with Portland added.     Bryan
fine
Can you let me know whether Enron Corp. has any Confidentiality Agreements with the counterparties below.  Thanks!
Thanks
am not
could be, not necessarily   the bidders have the option on all or partial
you're cute.
you better
how about your local bank??
Thanks!
I had already run the deal splitter on it but I hadn't updated the spreadsheet, so thanks!!
What time does the game start?
Who the fuck got that one?
Harry and I agree.  The 567,546.5 is the same number we came up with.  Thanks. Lynn
thanks.. do we have early close today? are you going home for thanksgiving?
yes but can you spell...
Louise, could you please clarify what your looking for?   Tks - Bob ext.30957
Works for me.  Susan
I think that's a great idea.
He's not there.
yea
ok
You and Michelle. Mansoor
Hey Jennifer, 	Did you have any more questions related to this? Thanks, Elsie 713-853-6757
whoopie!!
John,   Thanks very much.   Would 4:45ish be alright with you?
Send 'em on...
No problem.
I do not believe that I am familiar with this company.  Kim.
what does that mean
i saw it on the caller id the next day.
Nope.
Stacy, I owe you lunch. Thanks for the quick, exact, and consistent help you continue to provide me.
How much does Logan weigh?  Does he stand a chance against his brothers?
I would not say that we are "near junk status" on our credit rating.
i was only kidding, i will give you a call
Thanks
Lake Woodlands, do you want to come?
i talked to Jay - he will call me again
I am here.. what are you up to sweetie?
this is the report I was referring yesterday.
What a nice person you are now.
Joann, is the Canajoharie volume for the Nov 13th still 23953?
At the moment, no.  Can you keep a list of these requests?
I don't know...when are you getting your haircut?
what is this?
yes, but if it screws everything up, don't move it.
Thanks Gerald...  This has been forwarded to Skipping Stone  Julie  :-)
you might kick me
Oh, joy.  Get out the mattresses.
What time are you leaving today?
This is still not showing up.  Let me know!!
Are you feeling better today?
I was thinking of Felicity-I cound not find Jo Jo was she on at 9?
Shelley, thank you for your help.  Lynn
Thank you!
yep, what time
im not i was on the phone with carolyn
No, have not
Thank you.  That was quick.  DG
Not a thing!
Here are your settles.  Thanks.  John
Who and where are they located?
matt-  should start an on-line trading site and call it "ice"  ckl
sheila/pam
I agree.  Great job!
December 14th.  Friday Please join us.
I have to see when (if) I'm getting off first
you too.  have a good turkey day!
suitable for customer.  i may take a nap..will be ready at 7 though.
puh lease
Either other day is ok.
Waiting to hear back from Shawn on the definition. I'll pass that on when he responds.
Yes
you know, can't trust those lawyers.. BT
Gracie,   When is the course offered again because I can't find it in the web?   Monika
i am not joking.  it will just be temporary until i get back on my feet.
Just send an email to the Body Shop.  Thanks Jennifer
It is not under Business Application..can't find it.  Judy
no
see you there
Please include Becky Cantrell in this meeting.  Jim
hey, i thought you were out of the office.
higher now
and why would you be a saint?  what did you do?
sscott5_2000...i think
Dynegy is getting a very nice building.  See you in a bit.
Kim,  Got the envelope yesterday. Thank you very much.  Chris
PERFECT...Black Lab???
i promise
I believe that I might be joining you in the nut house
Brian,  Do you have an Email address at home? I shall send you directions.  Vince
Cecilia, please go ahead and set up the books.  Thanks!
Please let me know where we are meeting if everyone plans on attending.  Ed
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
Anything new on this?
LOL.
i think i could
yeah.  i think we are hitting the strip clubs.
Does this work for your desk?
just use same as yesterday
I just returned from a training class.  Can you meet a bit later this afternoon?
Not for Canada -- for the US
chip has the info, not sure what his opinion is. thought you would know
I'm in NM Thur. and Fri..  Alway's available by phone.  Got a time in mind?
I left Skilling a message on this. Lets see what he has to say. Rick
YOu bet...I'm out.
WHEW!  Thank you!
TXsscott5
Can she go toe-to-toe with the likes of Presto and Arnold?
going across the street
Sounds like tomm. Let me know time you'll be heading over
This week or next week.
Western Civilization was getting old anyway..we'll create a new and improved civilization.
are they fun or boring work folk?
I think it looks good. sj
I will be by today.   Thankyou!   Adrianne
We did not go out due to heat. Maybe one evening at the end of the week?
no you come down here if you want to visit.  there's not many people here.
What's your idea?
Did you go this morning?  I need drugs to sleep at night.
No, unfortunately not.
Tomorrow
I love you more.
I was on loan to EES since mid July.
sure
I'm interested.
whats your extension
will most likely reside on the east desk
what ya want?  who gets the movie?
second, third, and fourth that
oh god we're back to that.  you bug me!
wow - I did this for you to prevent another airplane experience
agreed
yes, i did you spoiled brat
YOU ARE SO BORING NOW!!!  GRANDPA!!
is that the same as "personal reasons" ??
Great background - hope you are well.  Louise
How soon can you add things like payroll to the picture?.
oh come on, nothing material, this is more like truth or dare type stuff (j/k)
I'm there! And bringing my pipeline schematics!
and I'm ready to anytime
Give her 13
I will change you to YES.  Thanks for getting back to me so quickly.  Sara
Thank you!
The correct counterparty is Sequent Energy Management, LP.   Thanks Rudwell.
I know, that's why I said that.  You did a good job!!!
No, I will give you an update when I know the time range.
not yet, rob has been in the court house all day
only for the night
thank you!
call me at work... 223-5600 x7804
ok me too
yes, according to chet's co-worker
Just give me a call.  you want to shoot for 10:30 my time?
was she on your left when you were running?
mini me
nothing.  i said bye.  have a good night
Who's your buddy??  A little hint wouldn't kill you, would it? I tell you everything!   BH
Someone should probably try to call him.
okay
she starts at 12:12
when ever you have time , no hurry thnx dq
john do you have anything else to say to me other than "dirty talk"
No way...Geesh!!  Ha-Ha, Bev
Jonathan,     Thanks.   Vince
yes you do.
you have my check right... O
you know that joey is running your book don't you?
I now  have another meeting over the lunch hour.  Perhaps another day this week?
How about 11:30. I will meet you in the lobby of the Enron Building.    Lynn
sure.  just call me when you get out
just you baby
ok, which one do I change it to?  233.39 or 231?
thanks
fyi
thank you!!
I would love to
walk me out?  i'll give you a big wet kiss
Sure!!  Jeff at Merced said to tell you not to stay late!!    Thanks,  Kim
whats not the same
probably
Stan  I met with El Paso yesterday.  They seem very interested.  Thanks
all set :-)  Chris
it probably sounds a lot more extravagant unless you know the price we paid
Sure.  I'll have Ingy wash and polish it first.
20311 Mimosa Glen Spring, TX 77388  281-355-6504
its:  \\nahoutrd-dv4\powerdpr2000
What's the status of these LD's?  Thanks, Elsie
thanks
up or down what
Thanks.
Thanks.
not really, waiting for some communication. PL
Not Johyn but maybe Greg.  This may be a ? for Kelly Allen to find out from Bill Rapp.
do you have msn mess service
what?  mark smith makes me ill.  i hate coming up there to talk to him.
don't sweat it, we need the exercise
these are from last year so the the final rules may change a little but not much
Andy is still at Enron.  He's working on the gas trading desk.
well...here we are.  i'm still not buying.
I have plans for today - how about Friday?  Deb
Cough it up!
got run over monday and tuesday, i was in the driver seat wedsday, got it all back
call me when you want a live quote
cubs tix
yep whats up
fine with me and I'm waiting to hear from Susan
About 6 or 6:30ish.  Does that work for you?
thanks man...
Dynegy to run Orig - in Europe working for Cardone.
alejandro's id is achavez2 thanks. PL
crazy day..this day took a week off my life. plans tonight?
ha...why not
Per our discussion.  Jeff
what do you mean she likes my shirt, are you jealous
Yes
agreed.
You made my day.
no, i didn't.  i'll pass this along to ravi.  any particular time/day?
that was funny, your on today
It's already done, unless there is more to do that I am not aware of.
what time do you think
sidelines, could see some more up. if we finish strong today,
Ok...I am pretty pissed off about having to go, but I don't want to get in trouble for not going.
Done!
you tell me, my schedule is pretty open
Thanks, Brenda.
Do you want to drink beer?  I'll work on sneaking a bottle of Opus in otherwise.
what did you get
why would you want to do that?  how is that looking out for me?
Not sure about the after 4:00, will check.  Before noon apparently does't work for Michael.
you are an asshole !
luv ya too honey
you wait until later.  you are in so much trouble.
why is that rude.  it's not by my choice
It's  been submitted to Amy for the September 15th payroll.  ds
it probably sounds a lot more extravagant unless you know the price we paid
Thanks... tell me whenever it is convinant for you.
I didn't know we were.  There are 18 new questions in the box since Wednesday.  Karen?
you should be able to connect right away
Audrey,  I only had regular time.  Thanks,  Paul
You want to grab a sandwich?
Please find the attched file with the information needed.  Thanks Sanjeev
give me the explanations and i will think about it
thank you
i dont know its a long way
yes.
no nothing, where are you
Deal # 1071305
cmon just send it
Alright, you too!  Val
absolutely
what s your number
your silly..your teeth
i am going home.  i have to.  if i wasn't going to dallas i would go.  sorry
I quit.
that's it?
at the met?  yes until the body shop opens
good grief
I'd like to add the question:  "Can I apply for a job with Dynegy?"
it looks great
i'm not going.  you're mean
Looking good. Closed at 40.25
a woman today
Thanks Lee.  Never mind on the list, I didn't realize that they were deal specific.  Mark
Thanks Holden!  Amy
Please note name change:  from:		Continental Oil S.A. to:		Saras Energia S.A. CPID:		76563  Joe ext 37302
you know i can't wait to see you
Thanks - it finally opened
Will do.
thanks
potentially
Why did Todd get more words in his e-mail than me? Where is the love?   		me
Please attend.
what
no
Susan, Can you still stop by before you leave today pls?   Thanks, SPR
Jan,  Thank you for keeping this up to date!  Kim.
Call me when you get here, it's a zoo downstairs.  853 1761
why sleet hurts
Is that a threat or a promise?
i know, but i do have a big mouth
Great! I'll call you Thursday morning to firm up a time.  Damon Harvey Enron Global Markets 713-345-7645
sorry i couldnt help it
There is no need to get into a discussion with AA at this point.
USER ID: 90040978 PASSWORD: welcome
which next door?
Please look at this and let me know.  Thanks
How about an offer for jan04-feb04 also?  Thanks, Jim
I know, but if you were my boss, then I would be able to
I understand but this is getting old and ridiculous
i dont know what time are you
Great . . . thanks.
Done!  A
i know, you are helping
please tell me that you did not move out.  and why didn't you buy some this morning?
not sure.  it was stated rather quickly in passing.
i like it
Sounds good to me!
are you doing anything
bitch - you have to let me see them!
Mark,  You have the wrong Greg Sharp
what are you talking about?  leave where?  to pakistan?  i said that you could come with me.
you probably didn't even see it
whatever.  so i was right about your puff break wasn't i?
that kid is hilarious.  Do you know what his last name is?
Don't kid yourself ... you are a moron.
got it, thanks.  Jeff
i'll get the movie and wine.  my suggestion is something from central market but i'm easy
I did
i will be over in about 10 mins
The market here for tommorow's close is 36 at 38.
Ya, I talked to him he said he would email you.
the truth comes out after a few drinks
2.	Malibu Grand Prix
you partying tonight?
You must be really bored to be e-mailing me about that.  Just name the time and place.
I am not sure.  C
Thanks!
Thanks!  We will be delivering the packets tomorrow afternoon.  Dolores
thanks, you are the best.
too late
FYI
i would never
dear darlings, this all sounds dreamy to moi... yayayayayayayayayy!
Yes
Yeah, about 2 weeks ago.  John
Good morning. Did you have fun at the concert?
Actually, can we get together at 4:30 instead?
yea
Yeah, meet me at the elevator!
Opps, can I scoot you to Thursday?
yes.
thanks, did you sing it
I can wait; just didn't want it to slip through the cracks.  Thanks.  Sara
now you do
FYI...JR
I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45?
FYI- please let me know if you have any adjustments, or need additional information. Thanks!
No, but I'm happy to ride with almost anyone.  Jim
Sorry about that.  Thanks for responding.
NOPE..I'M NOT A CHICK! OR RUDY  THE AOL (I.M.) PLEASE
you mean:  "Ruggles ENEGY Field" (Enron + Dynegy)   ckl
well grandpa, what's the word?
Should I roll it over until next Friday?
I have seen it before. Can't remember where it came from. thanks. sj
Terry and John, do you have Mike's desk covered on those two days?  Thanks. Lynn
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire...  ha ha
are you not going to stand by me through this?
We should inform FERC Enforcement.  No formal filings.  Jim
Is Thursday night, "Man Night" for "those kinds of men" too???
I don't know.  Which entity did the weather trade?
she was not.  do you need to see the list again to know where to rank her?
cool.  have you gotten weekend nominations?
cdorland@hotmail.com
k
Awesome - you'll have something written?  Let me know when it can be distributed.  Thanks..
can we make it a weekend
Very smart. I meant improve in her perfromance, understanding of Enron, the gas trading business, etc.,
All is ok, but the ng-x- whatever books at the top are not mine.
I am weighing ALL of my options
hi
youre killing me
Looks good to me.
Hi Gerald:  Nothing with or pertaining to Ridge to the best of my knowledge.
im only teasing, although i have been thinking about it
Yes
again
cool
no i'm not.  take that patch off.
$17,000, includes most major points in Northeast.  Available over weekend.  Want it?  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
The deal number is 815970.1 - under your name but I think that it is Eric's.  Thanks.
You still buying that lipstick for me?
So that's being taken care of. Thanks.
early this week i hope
are you being a smart ass or did the picture not come through?
i'm tired today.    good night at earl's last night! your aggro-ness finally paid some fucking dividends
no we will go when i say so
gotta work out right after work but then I can.  What were ya thinkin'?
Per Geir's request..  Traded 1/29 day shift for 2/1 night shift.  See schedule for details.  JohnAnderson
Yes please! thanks, Monika
Updated list.
Yes.  Kim Richards with Williams confirmed this morning.
yes you
Please add Carl Tricoli and Paul Racico to your distribution list.  Thanks, Chief.
no but I still have your stuff do you want to come and get it
i thought felicity was supposed to be a good girl??
Yes
no,  we are back to normal.  ds
ARE YOU BORED...   BY THE WAY..ENRON STOCK IS DOWN TO 16.
I will give you a call tomorrow.
will do
What doesn't he like about it?
you are all talk.  and you are a fink.
you watch..20 yrs...i'll still be in the same desk...i'll be larry...stuck
Yup..it's a secret.
We appreciate all Credit does for us!
already got them slacker.
ok so let me know what time i need to be at the airport.
are you anti-MSN..because that one works pretty consistently
Thanks!
I'll phone Lucci at 6 am tomorrow... if I can't get him I'll call back at 8 pm
where didn't i go?
Here is Jewel version
i don't take any funny pills.  it comes naturally!  did you age by 10 years over the holidays?
great, would youplease get this to Janette?  Thanks.
Nothing with or pertaining to Gulf South Pipeline to the best of my  knowledge.
if you act enthusiastic(sp?) then you'll be enthusiastic(sp?)!
done
on the weekend!  unfortunately wade is not that dumb!
Thanks
Posted 10/18/01  Toby
surprising . . .
I went already lazy
Khymberly Booth, x52532
no word yet.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
Bam. Let me know what you hear
excellent idea.  meet you at my house then.  great.
i did.
mom loves me more than you
Same here!  Great presentation!
thanks --- have a terrific weekend!
i know, you have a big mouth
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
Call me on my cell in the a.m.
No, but I will check in with the gang.  How are you?
I thought you mite do that  :o)
Yes
Thank you.
We're on for Thursday.  Thanks.  sara
nothing.  i was playing.  you really weren't that nice!!  :)
does this start in dec and could you please take the volumes out throught the whole term.
yes, last week, and I am going to be calling him again this afternoon.  How's it going?
I suspect (don't know) over $100k (or 200k) considering the burn rate.
Thanks, I saw your name in Sitara.  Sorry for the mix up.
This looks great Gerald!  Thanks.  What next?  Are you going to make official copies?  Andrew
Hideous photo - couldn't we have given them a better one!
i am never wrong
I know Jim. You guys are doing well.  Thanks, Bill
yep, soon?
Has he approved the removal of holidays?
They are all done and in a folder on my desk whenever you are ready for them.
Thanks for your help.  Now go find me a job.
What is the symbol on Rio Alto?
nope
will do
darn thanks anyway
I have no idea. It doesn't make sense and I am waiting for the field to explain.
Please look at post-id 1391544.  Jennifer x35248
Whatever. Let me look at them.
Yes. I have started it. Do you know when it's due? Monika
That will work just fine.
no
I would, but I am on a mission to find a McDonald's...I'll go with you this afternoon
we both know why
yes
shoveling food down my throat
Come on. Sign into IM.
what do you want for eddie?
I'm here - my 11 got cancelled.
no but we did look, i dont think i am
Did you ge tthe picture???
I do not have a copy.  Steve Harris sent to Danny directly.
i didn't know that you set the rules.
ok good, let me know when you want to leave
Still unknown...min. 60 days
my country club,
no, that's your lungs in shock!  :)
yes
maybe more
Chris -  Please see Louise's response.  A
Sorry, central is complete
WHat?
I am fine with them starting at 2:00 pm. Is that consistent with other groups..?    BT
Jim,  please give me a call at 33448 to discuss this issue.  Thanks, Anne
Sounds like a plan to me.  Thanks. Lynn
And it will look a lot like Planet of the Apes..LOL
sorry i went to get lunch, i think people are freaking out because of ken lays email this morning
I am sorry I am in my own little world, lot of work to do.  Sorry sexy.
203-850-2126
we can still find a way to have fun
11:45 at La Griglia (on West Gray) ?
I'm not sure, this request is coming from Settlements... O
Jeff couldn't make it.  We'll reschedule at his availability.  MHC
nice.  do you remember her?
ok, fuckface.
We will within the half-hour.
Thanks for your help.
you make your destiny..just remember that
you sure? did you scroll down?
next thursday
Patrice,  That's fine..  Did the long descriptions look good?  ML
Net Works is not a marketing affiliate.  We can make changes if they want us to.
why
no you should feel how much heat comes off these monitors, come up
Here you go!
Ms Denne, at Enron, we use the more polite form, "deep doo-doo."
Damn! That's all I know how to make!
5822 Center Court Drive Spring, Texas  77379
thanks.
sure does.
should I be scared?
i am serious
nothing...just want to reflect
i'm going to dallas tonight
you too
call me at home tonight
Tana -  Sorry, but I have no clue what that is all about.   JRW
how was it?
sure does
Yes, unless they find something on my background check..cross my fingers.  How about you?
He is a definite hire.   I thought I communicated that last week.
yes
i might.  i need to go running or something.
can you wait about 20 minutes?  you are impatient.
what do you mean i am perverted?
what song
really
stay at your place even though you are a bed hog
when did you get back? i am sorry that you are so tired little one.
i dont know everybody else is, except becky
We deserve it!
Probably not many
how about 5:00?
I have received it. Vince.J.Kaminski@enron.com  works beter  Dad
FYI - I could suggest she has mine ?
memorial weekend = booze + golf + sluts
I'm wearing a shirt too
not much just sitting here.  how was your trip?
Still here.
i don't think so.  sometimes the sun shines on a dogs ass but i don't see that happening again.
I don't -- I have it at home..maybe he's in info?
Why?  What are going to do to my house?  j/k  I live on Fairview, 1503
Too many Michael Millers - its hard  Thanks anyway
I don't understand the times on the report.  many of them are 3 or 4 in the morning.
Just put it in your daytimer..It's all being taken care of!
yes, you?
Did you hear me ask and the response?  We are having the lunch today.
Thanks
Did I follow up with you verbally on this?  K.
Noted. thanks
I'll give you my first round pick next year, you give me Trent Green.
Yes great!
about time you got it in
Pre meeting tomorrow at 10:30 in 1352. Danny, Steve, Eric, you and me.
...whilst asleep at switch
sorry, not feeling too sexy right now
you have to sign in.  you are logged out.  John John says hi.
jeans
oh well, ok lets go im bored
thanx
Thanks Lance, that helped.
Here is a list of Pete's EOL products. Thanks.
David,  WSJ made the same point.  Vince
what's that supposed to mean?
why are you going to the dr?
The main user registered in EOL is Larry Desmeules, phone 281-274-7500.
i can't tell because then you would acuse them of staring at you too.
u read it?
because its with me
OK for me.
Barbara:  Here are the two revised lists, one with TXU and one without.
This has Florida on it
Plan of Reorganization.
We were talking about getting matching PT cruisers with CRUISR1 and CRUISR2 personalized plates.
I know (about leaving all this, not about Houston).  Does that mean you'll = miss me? =20
Sorry, not yet.  Thanks for checking on me.  Kim.
thanks.
Thanks for your help.
I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.
I think we both know the real truth
It is finished,  I just need an attorney to review it.  It should be ready in the morning.
Mike, be sure we discuss this on Monday morning.  Thanks. Lynn
you miss me don't you?
we're just going to have to do something about that soon!
How about next wednesday??
Any way of getting to +.02 on this?  100/day
Trying to finish something.  I'll come see you tomorrow.
I guess timing is everything, or close to it. Best wishes for the rest of the weekend.
have you partying this week already with Shawn?
Should be Dana Davis
what??
Looks like everything went well. We do not have access to the Terminal Server right now.   John
It's a kids weekend, so we'll see if we can get babysitters.
I'm an estate person.  Nobody at UBS wants me.
hey, whats up
DO YOU STILL OWE ME MONEY?  YOU BETTER BRING ME SOME GUMBO
yep
what are you talking about?
My comments
all you have to do is come down the escalator silly.  how hard is that?
f I am
Sara and Marie, This was the contact for Monument. Thanks. Sheila
Retail sales.
Where you be at
will do.  Thanks.  lisa
or room service
thank you
Can you provide the following?  Thanks
Thanx Laura. I need to change about 125-150k USD is that OK.  Chris
ok sarah is
did you get good stuff for christmas
absolutely
Shalesh,  Thanks.  Vince
thats right.  or i will die trying.
are you?  and what kind of dancing are you good at sir.  guess what i watched last night.
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
Thanks!
Ben has given this to Raimund to deal with.
you too
Absolutely...I'll make sure of it.
what are you doing tonight?
thanks, chica!!
We did not receive the attachment
I think there intent was to be very general.  You have the right sheet.  Thanks. Lynn
what's up?
Oh yeah, he's the one.
YIKES!  Give me 15 minutes.
That sounds fine.
for how long?
oh yea
He publishes it rather sporadically.  Unfortunately, there's no fixed schedule for the downtime summary.
I am going to go home an watch the Austin Power's movies over and over tonight...
Thanks!
I will set it up for that time and just play it by ear for you.
Good job.
Yes I do!  They are in the TECO Services P&L.  I looked them up last night.
Doesn't this mean something under our contract?
I have to go to my mom's tonight.  I thought you wanted to go out tomorrow.
No support for Mexico.    Louise
I don't know, where do you have in mind
ship it to the plant
Fran,   See attached Dan
watching him squeal like a pig.
Mary,  Are we still planning on taking the questions@enron site away?
where did you stay?
YIPPEEE!!
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you...
pornstar1  Just kidding. I don't have one.
so are we still on for dinner or what?
yep, whats happening
Correct.  --Lizzette
nope. she is out all week.  that could be a good thing.
Thanks
im not i was  just in a meeting
Attached is the summary - please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks, Kelli
got a different number and am on hold
I nominate Mike.
This one was gas only.
They're between the "file" menu and the "reply" bar.
Haven't seen any DA statements yet.
is this a test?
yes, what' s up?   how are things on your side of the office?
i will be pissed if i can walk out of this party
im only teasing, i was too nice on friday so i have to even out
you will.  when are you leaving?
yeah we are done so we can do an annuity when ever you want
Let me check w/Louise.
thanks
i was just playing.
tori over here thinks bonnie is a hottie.
i'm just here to do my job and not worry about prestige, or something
yah yah.. this technological innovation is so impersonal.
thanks.
I really can't argue w/ ANY of them!
can i come
That's fine with me.
I am discussing this with Cara at Tenaska.   She is going to send more support for this. JMF
ok what?  you said a lot or no more happy hours?
it was fine this morn.   starting back up today
I'll send it Tues morning
Why don't you tell me what the real truth is.
when we get upstairs
I am very glad you are staying!!!
thank you
3500 Canterra Tower 400 3rd Ave. SW Calgary, Alberta   Canada T2P 4H2
Thanks!  Hey, forward my information to Judy.  What is her email???
i am on-line- say hi to jj for me
heard it down here from D. Gilbert-Smith...don't know where he heard it.
Importance: High   Thanks Chris.
I'm not too sure yet...I'm going to try to leave around 3 or 3:30
Gotcha.  I'll get back with you.
i think this is fairly final... I added one more question.
i hope you can figure it out, let me know if you need help
John,  I will look into this and get back with you ASAP. Vlady.
really? why?
im back, i feel much better
Done.
Its non specific - the trades are there but with no counterparty names.
Paul Goddard is handling this.
6103 is on the original e-mail from tammy shephard.
therefore we are correct?
its not getting to you - anyway say howdy to the rock man
thx..i just email/sent my resume to someone there..a PWC guy's friend
Last week was crazy.  Sorry about this.  I will send them out today.
probably.  i'll see u there
no problem!  : ) Taria
What do you think about the % of load argument?  This is Sue's e-mail.    Wanda
So you didn't miss me...I can tell
No- you?
thanks Dave!
What'cha doin over there?
great. thanks,, will send out the location details later.  thanks,  Karen B.
I bet T-bone knows how
why so late?  i know that you aren't working.  i am bored
cant u do something about this
Here is a list of products and counterparties
sorry i just went into a meeting,
actually they are not looking at us.  some of our lawyers defended revlon.  i heard it wrong.
cant we just go for one day
Steve, they now have the numbers.
very soon
why don't you figure out what the heck you're doing before you try to rope me into something
Fund LP.  I see it.  Thanks.
haven't heard a word
i am the heat miser
roundtable meeting.
That is your offer at tonights settle?
If you can fit it in.  I am pretty covered with ENA Upstream right now.
i'll be pissed if i don't tackle some clam

you cant unfortunately
Tana -  Do you have anything on this yet?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Mark
4262
do you want me to save the info or not?
My pleasure.
how was felicity??
Merci!
thank you
you are supposed to ask up or down
i need to hit the atm
yes, but no one is in the office at that time.  I'm confused.
Should deal 821869 be moved to Crestar?
Do you have an estimated time on retranslation? PL
Good.  I didn't see you so I wanted to make sure you go it.  It was $3.79.
Great lunch. Let's get out more often
jan04-feb04 offered at .025/MMBTU  Regards,  Jon
..there...want us to pick up the pizza?
They are having a meeting today about it at 3:00.
do I need to ask him which ones will have physical or did he tell you anything?
darn
Not silly, but working on unemployeed.
you already looking to jump ship?
lets go buy another but I get to pick
Sounds good - I will bring the soda and cookies. Lisa
I've been thinking about you too!  I've missed you!
As you requested:
posted 10/25/01
sometime this morning?
Well, after last night - plenty!
Please let me know the adjustment in dollars.  Thanks
THANK YOU
you have to clink on the content button and then press ercot
you actually know what that is?  i'm impressed!
greg if you want to just go ahead and settle up I will accept $15 now!
I can't open this
What do you need it for?
No rows found in both OTC or exchange traded deals.
Troy Black
Importance: High
Give me a call if you are still having problems.  x44344.   Daniel
its really nasty outside
I love it still.  What else are you going to own in Canada???
CO#413 Cost Center 107313
yeah - we will have to chat about it a bit later!
man that's rude
Let me know if I can be of further help.
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
so, how are you
Sounds good.
that is great baby keep up the great work
ok.  i checked with a few others that i send the report to and they didn't have any problems.
you are weird!
nothing more than what the rags say..when you traveling?  you need a trip..
goin to the beach w/ pete
Done.
713 557 3330
Yes, Global agrees.
ok so i am bored.
im an email mo fo.  whatever that means
Friday 9am works for me.  Thanks: John Buchanan
i think now
Is it still in legal? Because it's not opened up in Datamanager.  Thanks,  Bryan
sorry i didn't make it over sat, i passed out.  how was sat?
I made them.
maybe around 10:30 or 11:00.  You know I'm going to want to eat.
Larry...I don't have a phone near by, could you log on to messenger?
i am definately bringing back some talent to the stabbin cabin
Jason,  Thanks  Vince
That's probably a good idea.  I'll wait until I get our comments.
Thank you
I have it
why
does that mean you would do it even if i didn't win $80million
where are you?
Did you hear from Maco?
im sorry - im kinda shifty..
I didn't see the attachment.
that means nothing..uk is giving away boxter for new employees ans slicing 10% at same time
I am having it looked at and will
Yes thank you
k bye!
No lets talk right now, what are you doing?
If you are in - please can you come to my office if not Tammie please organize a dial in
thanks
so why are you now?
yes it is
No
I love you very much. I can't wait for us to be together again.
$450 bid
god.  i am going to beat you!
Thanks!!
yep.  I asked Jeff Darst to sign and fax back to us.
well your mtm and settlement not as bad as david hoog david's mtm is (1600)
Around North Carolina? no
just walked in from lunch, whats up
Glad you enjoyed them!
i didnt get it, the first one i got you said i was ignoring you
thanks!
Both mom and baby (Logan) are doing much better
yep
Done.  See if it works now.  KK
nope
I wont harass you
Yes, but we are waiting to hear from Darrell on this one.
the curve adjustment is 0.095 the mid to offer spread is 0.035  dq
yeah right
Not to my knowledge yet. Mark?
21.61!!!
Very cool.  Done
me thinks so
I put both tickets in the box next to Sandra's desk.  Thanks
no who do you want
i agree, how soon
i'd be delighted!
whatever, bye!
Importance:	High
oh thanks
maybe I like trouble
Let me know what day works best for you.  My schedule is open in early Feb.  JGM
Yes, we are set.  Thanks
We will try
we'll see about that
Good question.  I thought he was through with it last week.  I'll check up on  it.
Please get out of document & I will.
Pretty funny!  If we could only do it for real!
Here you go.  Stacey
Sure.  For now, can they be part of your 40 - 50 growth spots that we're targeting?
Sounds good to me!
i heard this yesterday!  perfect example of the state of our economy!
why?  can you?
wanna chew on my toenails?
I'm afraid we are leaning toward the 16th now.  I hope you can still make it.
Is the entire first quote Ken's or Jeff's?  Or is it two quotes -- one from each?
i would imagine as soon as we are flat but not sure
OK for me.
Thanks.
Doesn't sound too bad.
50k.   Thanks.
John - it is ok to inactivate the rest of the books?  ST
yes - he's always nice.
No, just a little busy over here, mkts a little crazy
great
calling you a fat ass.  i am serious about which restaurant is better.
Thank you Chris.  Have a great weekend!
i think i am too nice w/alcohol
Hi Tana Jones  Here ya go
I agree with that we should copy the profile from US Recycled OCC Phy for this new product.
This looks ok to me.  Thanks,  Kim
Thank you for your input!
lets just try for the bar first
Do you have your resume together?  Any leads?
You still didn't answer my question.
long story
You're welcome!
NO, NEVER!
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
What are they having?
how about monday and tuesday?
when do I get it
You mean Bob Lane?
Lunch is hard to do. After work one day would be better.
i'm jealous.  it can't be that hot.
im only kidding
ok
yep
102nd
no just yahoo   :   dutch_quigley
I'M YELLING AT YOU
I'll contact Lydia and you'll have materials well in advance of the meeting.
Anderson looks pretty good.
Thanks !! I will begin reviewing it today.
Included  is the monthly volatility
Call me when you get done getting your hair cut
ok it can be you!  i get the short end of everything with you!  BRAT!!
i attend church service at 6:30pm saturday nights
Please provide conversion factors for each of these curves.  Please resend upon completion.  Zakiyyah xt 58146
duke contact?
Choi is out - we probably want to use some of his $ to increase Foster's contract
revisions
I wish! :-)
for the time being, Ray is still going to run it.
Thanx
I don't, sorry.
i am staying also but john is not
promise
Kim  I actually need all the data exported to excel.  Thanks,  Vladi
<http://straitstimes.asia1.com.sg/asia/story/0,1870,98207,00.html>
Mike -- how about Lisa Jacobson?
Becky,  Please change my e-mail address on your distribution list to :  dfarmer70@houston.rr.com.  Thanks.  D
let's change it to 2.645
The attachment did not forward with this email. Could you forward it to me please?   Thank you, Holden
Won't be able to make it.  Sorry.
Attached is the new file with the volumes converted to contracts.
Looks good to me.  Thanks. Lynn
I have a meeting with the customer Thursday morning, is it possible to have an answer by this afternoon??
hahaha...just want to make sure
Thank you.   See you this Saturday at 10:00 am.
Thursday morning works for me.  I would also like to include Jan Moore and Lindy Donoho.  Thanks
Agreed J
Permanently?
Thanks Jeff,  This email shows the new TEAM members.  GO TEAM!
I will start drinking heavily.  I propose a huge night out when you get back!
dont know, sorry
your retarded.  i used to have one.  they are great dogs.
yes
If it keeps going the way it is now there is a possibility.
Alejandra, there is no attachment
Great thanks
hmm. so the outlaws it is. great.
yes to the run no to sheppard
Savita,  The Arnold report has been reviewed and it looks good.  Thanks  TARA
sun -9% in 6 days.   kid how??
Thanks, I'll change it on the next phone list.  R/
Please let me know when you will have some time next week.  Thanks,  Michael
when?  how are you and your family?  is julie gone?
Whos hsould we send this to?
i noticed!  were you being gross?
Thanks.  It works.
when? i am free anytime this aft
Sure.  Just e-mail or call me when you are ready.
Wonder if he knows this?  Stacey
cmon lets be co workers
We'll give you our 3rd round pick next year
no - employees buy Coastal and WB at La Famiglia.  LF is for sale.
ok sounds good
Still here.  Pretty quiet on the floor though.  How hard did your area get hit?
You can try this one, but she doesn't get to check it as often..  gillettelisa@hotmail.com
ima dominion stud
Oxley is giving me some resistance.  I told him to check it out. Frank
Enron Corp does so it shouldn't make any difference who wears it - right?
Not much...I'll call
Will do.  OK to list you as the "Contact Person"?
what does that mean
Well you know answer, right?
hitting the send button at most once a day would be a start.
yes, lisa went to their lawyer (david) this morn
dyron
nothing much, she's waiting for DWR's number, I'm waiting, you're wanting, the whole state is waiting.
Importance: High
I'm meeting with Suarez at 4:30.   I can meet with you at around 5:00.  Sound OK.
Thanks for your e-mail. Please give me a call at your convenience to discuss the agreement.  Debra
Shirley,  Just Zimin and Vasant if they are free.  Vince
Yes.    Kevin Presto  UBS Warburg Energy  kevin.presto@ubswenergy.com  Phone:  713-853-5035  Fax:  713-646-8272
prompt month is out there.  it is nwpl rox.
i am open to any of your wonderful ideas.  new orleans..1..2...out
Any word?  We need those cards and passwords...
are you guys losing it about the edison settlement?  seems better than 500KW and above, non?
thank you so much
great. yes.  I will be picking a jury on monday. can you be flexible re timeframe
Your comments look fine. Let's wait and see if anyone else has any comments.
You are welcome.
lunch is never good for me...I could do an early dinner if you want
Vince-    No problem.  Looking forward to hear about the meetings.  Jose
FYI
Nope, no relation.  We're only related to poor Pereiras!!  Susan
no, rick
Indy and KC in KC
Thank you, Randy.  Kim.
I am in
This is an asset purchase (a mothballed oil pipeline for conversion to nat gas).  Robert Guthrie did not attend.
Oct02-Mar03 offered at .01 Jan03-Feb03 offeed at .02  Regards,  Jon
Zhiyong,  I hope you will feel better soon.  Vince
This is clearly an Associate.  He just left business school didn't he.
Vacation, Friday, November 9.
Is this a place that is big enough to handle some extras?
I heard that El Paso had cuts on Friday.  Did that impact you guys at all?
You are the woman!
Sorry make that a pedicure
Thank you.  Kim.
Received  Vince
yes, we took $1.3M for the Nymex swap against this
Hey Nicole - Did you accidentally send me this reminder?
Thank you
ok.  everyone is panicing around here.  any thoughts?
Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim
are you fucking kidding me?    i'm always right, baby.
ok
Did Howard attend - if so how's he looking?
i don't know about you guys, but i feel a lot better after reading that.
Only if you say I have to.
I wish I could, but I have a paralegal lunch today.
Joni forwarded my note on to Jo Williams but I haven't heard any more than that.  Thanks,  Raetta
you are correct however there are no nominations.  ds
What do you expect.   Enron is one of the top 25 companies in the world.
no I didn't.  What's up?
im just teasing, why are you calling me sir, must be an a&m thing
We can try Kim Watson (713-853-3098). I am sure she would be interested. Krishna.
Are you in today?
Looks good to me.  Chris Hilgert Enron Compression Services Work: 713-853-7350 Cell:   713-857-2479 www.enron.com/compression
Aye, aye, sir.  We're still running with the 174.6 mile case, right?
should we (or can we) bring a gift.
Take me lunch and tell me some more (around the holidays when I will poor and hungry). Heehee!
It looks like we could sell another 5,000/d fuel.  What do ya'll think?  Darrell, how does linepack look?
ahh cant connect for some reason
Molly - Would you please add the request you are now working on from Niagara Mohawk.  Thanks, Teresa
yes,   can you attend the lunch tomorrow.  Thanks, Karen.
yes  i did, from what you mentioned it seemed as if we are a potential take over targe.
It said "may" contain a virus.  Sorry!!  I looked at it and it looks fine.  Tom
sounds good to me, let me know what time
no
Kochel is supposed to get married on March 2nd. Same girl--we'll see if its=  the same outcome. B
I sent it to Ed with latest changes.
don't think so.  he's pretty old
You should be able to get into it now without a password.  Amanda
I thought you might want to see where the Darden case has gone.  John
heather is on her way to your office to have you sign off on our final nng interim financials
My mom sent me this...what do you think...?
Thanks, I will send a copy to Alan in EGM.  Mark
yep but there area lot of people that are hurting right now
Rosemary,  My cell phone number has changed.  It is 713 416 5059.  Thanks, Kim.
go for it.  Maybe some public exposure will get you some job offers.
I will call him again on Monday.  Do I get a commission.  Just kidding.
LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon.
i don't have it.  I think Max Doner gets a copy from someone but I'm not sure who.
FREE THE TOASTER 4!
the offer is 4.275
yes
That's right.  Feed him milk -not beer
that was bbtu- i've resent with correction
Thanks
I can't bomard you with witty remarks if you aren't on IM
Probably Ben Jacoby.  Let me veryify this with Jeff Keenan.  Thanks, Eric
Brian is showing up at our office at 5:00. We will be there soon after.
4025 bid on 64243147 volume 4035 bid on 30310857 volume 408 offer on 33395444 volume
Thanks Shelley, I really appreciate all of your help on this.
I will be there
workin' ya
yep, it's as fast as what I have at work.
she is waiting to see if she can get financing.
aka Enron Wind.
Yes.  All we are doing is supporting the bill.  We don't seek any amendments. Mike
It was a lady and we told her where you were.  I will call and check.
here is a first pass of the East seating plan.
i dont know what the heck you are talking about, and thank you for calling it babbling
what videos, and to who did you make fun of me to
Nov 2.92, Dec 2.56, Jan 2.67...I will get Feb.
My first link didn't work
OH, now I'm getting one word responses.
When does the next league start and who is it run by (i.e. city, YMCA, etc.)?  Thanks,  Eric
Will do.
thanks - MO
sure.  Did you take any vacation other than the one holiday?
its a truck and the eggs are not the same as the puppies , toddles
Dance partner?
Probably. I'll find out later this week.
u and what Pusse?
It is Tod Sorenson @ 713-780-9770
if your first message was nice, i could definately use it this morning
no
I am headed out to lunch at 1 and will be back by 2:30.  Is that good? PL
Hey!  What are you doing sending this message instead of tuning in our our = exciting meeting?--cgy
Thank you so much.
No, however, I noticed this is the same day they rescheduled the Government Affairs Offsite in Portland.
I will go if I can bunda.. call me when you leave
i doubt they will show
JVD,   January 11th is OK. January 18th is OK January 23rd is OK
Thanks for the heads up.  Hope you enjoy your week!    Julie K
i changed it
Sorry for the earlier message.  It just arrived and I am having it picked up.
This makes me very happy!!
just got them.  thanks a lot
The question is - with our capital constraints - is he the right guy?
yes that would be great!  Thanks.
how we doing on the one-pager?
how about the fuels/ gas position?
YES STILL EMPLOYED. JUST TRIED TO CALL YOU. GIVE ME A BUZZ. 713-853-9636
oh yeah i forgot, ill buy you a drink
depends where they insert it
Zakiyyah McClure 281 999 2237 zmcclure@houston.rr.com
Will you be having cake to celebrate this incredible event?
What do you mean you don't know what to do?
Do we have enough cars now for everyone who wishes to go?  Jason Moore
You are a riot...if I get you the Ppesche, can I at least ride in it sometime?
Send me your phone number?  Jim
I believe credit is trying to decide what to do considering the recent changes in the airlines' positions.
i have a pcmcia card and the password is jessi
got it.  I may leave soon.  Too pretty to work.
Call me 403 974 6733
I'll let you know if I hear anything.  I have absolutely no idea at this point.  Stacey
Looks ok to me.
Angelika,  Working on it.   Vince
Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.?
Started reviewing cummulative build files.  Reviewed companies for 3rd quarter close.
can't be today.  maybe later this week.
Some additional comments to Jim's.     Andy Rodriquez Regulatory Affairs - Enron Corp. andy.rodriquez@enron.com 713-345-3771
thanks.
Vince,  Here is the pricing model and documentation for the P Plus project from Stinson.  Zimin
Stacey  Assuming this P/L is going to stay at 0, get the line item off the DPR.
I did not.  GP
Thanx. I haven't done a trade in over an hour.
confirmed
so far so good, looks like a few more weeks of golfing, how is everything with you
thanks
Don't you have work to do today?  By the way, I will kick your ass for free!
I'll defer to you and Lloyd on this one.
give me your mailing address and I will get those golf balls in the mail.  Thanks. PL
50% of the below numbers, representing approximately $2.8 MM, as well as the optimization of the underlying arrangements.
I'm fine with it.
as of 1/28  Hunter Shively Geof Storey Andy Lewis Jason Williams
Bill Does the contract allow TW to buy the horsepower and take control of the electric supply contracts? Thanks Dan
no, not dirty. i was asking you if you were busy.   thats all.
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your place?  Brad
I already did.
Yes, please sign it.
Hey Erik...Uh Hey Erik...Erik...uh, Erik..ERIK!!      Nothin'..
Forgot Saguoro (sold it last week)
John-   We have a rotator meeting on this date from 3:30 to 5:00.  Thanks, Jackie
Rod, How about friday?  I have board meetings today and tomorrow.  Is that Ok?  Any preference? Thanks
I'm in
Piotr, Tak, koniec czerwca. Dam Ci znac.  Wicek
What came of the call?
You just let me know what y'all decide.
Thanks Jeff.
No time off to report. Mark
Russell,  I want you to be my friend forever, after all, you are my favorite, ex-Credit person!
not at the moment - we have 1600 spare (assuming schweiger is in)
If the gas isn't going into Jackson, where is it going.
yes
don't be fucking stupid.  i wouldn't do it straight up when i could get points.
Pre and post breakout invoice was received this morning.  New amount is $94,768.60.
This looks fine to me.  Thanks,  Kim
I have to take care of my baby.
Becuase Jack wants to keep it in place.  He feels it gives them some tighter controls.
EES did but I am not sure if they still do.  Talk to Chris Shireman with EES.
I thought Rogers signed a long time ago but check with Oxley
I was referring to you. But those are equally compelling examples.
Also check the first week of Dec.
Randy Pais 713-345-2520  David Marshall 713-853-6847
How is Francis doing?
deep sleep?
Yes it's in Germany
Thanks
Thanks for the update.   Tom
The attached is for the meeting this afternoon [Adams, Suzanne]
Colin is right, the deadline is approaching quickly, please complete your reviews including your self-evaluation by Friday.  Chris
What were the terms of the sale (spot) to Empire? Thanks
Can I get a copy daily?
yes, earlier this year (posted in the form of "up front collateral").
Looks good because I had a very helpful hand from Pat Shortridge!
no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals
Tom definitely is.
Mary is almost finished.  Hopefully this week.
of course I'm here. what's up?? How are you doing?
Hi!    Thanks - these were very good!    Take Care!
Sarah -  I can't open this.  Jim
Tana, the information we have is that they are headquartered in SugarLand,  TX.
Cara,  I found Mead-230KV.  It is cleared as well as both Four Corners points.  Regards, Will
HUBRIS: The elevation of pomposity to such bloated and seemingly irrelevant levels as to transform it to stupidity.
Is this something in which you think we should be engaged?
I removed Shazia Sarker's information and added Elizabeth Burnett, our new  Administrative Agent at CSFB.
Do these match ours?
Sure, here it is.  Basin Electric Power Cooperative 1717 East Interstate Avenue Bismarck, North Dakota 58503  Tanya
i did and i talked to mom she said it was a good deer congrats
Yes, I will get that set up to pay tomorrow...thanks!
When I win, just send me the difference.  Lav
They only lost one game, they aren't going to sweep the entire playoffs.
Maria,  do you have a revised set after the changes we discussed??  MK
ricardo is using it for JoAnne
thxs
ey dispute  Thank you
The sitara number for November is 1143838 but you probably know by now - sorry for the delay.
6468860  thanks
thank you
Do you have the April CNR invoice file?
Are there any cash issues surrounding this?  If so, who is going to handle?
Kevin,  Thanks.  Vince
Good testimonial!  I hope they print it.
13 days straight.  it is trading just over $11.
Did our $MM Supreme Court attorneys have any heartburn?  Jim
it wont let me in.  says i need to login.
Laura, Please let them know that I do not plan on attending.  	Thanks
they need to cheat better
Looks good Ray! Nicely summarized.  Bill
Pat, I really like that approach.  Looks great to me!  Michelle
Thanks for your help.  Tom
I need driving lessons.
I'll grab sandwich and call you
Brian,  What about the weekend? I am in Atlanta Thursday.  Vince
Thank you!  Kim.  :>)
Looks good to me.  First word of second para - Ever or Even?
I think this is correct.  Ramona, could you confirm?
i am going to hell for that one
Yes, I do get this publication.  A.
Jim S., Eric B., J. Parks, C. Weldon, D. Farmer, D. Baumbach
Really?  Any terms of the deal disclosed?
Have we talked about this?
Unbelievable - thanks for the call.  How about lunch the week of July 9th?
noted
it was ok how about you, i am going are you?
Forgive my ignorance, but I'm assuming that "related party transactions" refers to the Fastow deals?
Thank you.  I was going to call you for that.  I will send it.
thanx
What is the timing of this?
interesting to say the least.  great case for b-school.  you still in texas?
Sorry to hear that - but very glad to hear that you are back!
you are done
thanks.
How about coming up after lunch tomorrow to wrap up CSN?
Sounds good to me!  Just let me know what time.  You gonna work out?
James' birthday party is that Saturday.  Before I knew that I was thinking of going home.  Stacey
What the hell are you talking about?
sounds great..give me some directions and I'll see you at 6 or so.
i am going to have lisa take this and link it some way to the drat ets approval policy
I am back, call me when you can.  Love you.  The Pigs
In case of an emergency, Keegan and Mark T. will know how to reach me and when.
so are you saying we SHOULD go away over Thanksgiving?
i am so ready to get out of here
Deb, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Tom.
Is it your intent to sell the gas to Bridgeline at NYMEX - $0.05 vs any of Oxy's bids?
More like 50 cents..Canadian that is.
I thought you'd never ask.  But, please, nothing special.  You know me.  I'm a Woodbridge kinda guy..
Looks like a pain in the ass girl.  Let's see, that would make 2 in my household.  http://www.babynet.com/tools/chinacalendar/chinchart1.htm
My understanding is that Lavo and Fallon ok'd this. If not I'll sort it out next week.
I called ,, give me a shout when you get back form your 3 hr lunch!  MC 3-6203
good morning.
where did you get the toast?
Stay away from the Golden Gate!
Hi Paula,  No, cannot do it tonight.  Finishing a few projects.   Vince
Thanks,=20  your humble servant,  Frank
Thanks.  What is the latest on the timeframe for getting a physical power license?  Dave
Thanx
Drew, Rob and I both would like for you to continue attending the staff meetings. Jim
Yes, thank you.  How much do I owe you?  Stacey
http://navigation.helper.realnames.com/framer/1/112/default.asp?realname=Calif ornia+Department+of+Water+Resources&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwwwdwr%2Ewater%2Eca%2Egov %2F&frameid=1&providerid=112&uid=10049471   click on the Section B portion
What's it for?  When are you planning on submitting the cash request to the committee?
Ok, just tell me what needs to be done in sitara and we'll take care of it.  KK
Are they working on it?
Hi pick up it is me on the phone
Whatever happened to this?
I will get this taken care of
Thanks. I mean it.
he was contacted directly.  Why, are you trying to find a good one?
Greg, Bill and I jave reviewed the attached and add this comment..T and B
See updates in the food section.
713 557 3330	 what are your plans?
thank you, you are one of my favorite hr reps
i'll be there
The company is "ECT Merchant Investments Corp."
9:30 AM works for me.  I will inform Hoang and Demetrics.
Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict. thanks Kevin Hyatt
Best offer I've gotten thus far is $3.50 from Dyn.  Still waiting for offers from 4 others.  BB
ditto..
I will be in early tomorrow because I have to leave at 4 p.m. for a 4:30 appointment.
YEA MAN..YOU JUST SAY THE TIME..I GOT HERE AT 6:30 A.M. AND LEFT HERE AT 8:30 P.M. LAST NIGHT..
Thank you Kate.  It looks much better.  Have a nice day.  Eric
Alive and kicking..barely.  DG
I will get them done today.
Hi Gerald - Nothing with or pertaining to Energy Solutions Gas USA Inc. to the best of my knowledge. Kay
damn your good
I won't be visiting that country
Nymex is a couple blocks away. I'm looking into the Herstadt risk..
One Mary Jane Smith. As the memo says, these are rumours.
No There.
Oh, my gosh!  Thanks.  I'll resend it.
hey I got the printer (thank you).  Any luck on the Win95 or Win98 operating system?
She is!  We'll be using Lanny as her backup and  A/R key support.
thanks
Bob,  I will see you in your office @ 3:30pm.  Susan
oh joy.
:-)
what time do you want to leave tomorrow?  around noon?
no calls
OOPS!!   Try that
Now your talking! Such dedication!!
you sure...I know I don't add much value, but I do not want to put stress on everyone else. PL
Have we had any difficulty with Koch paying us for deliveries?
I'm trying to get ancillaries into VAR.  Do you agree with synopsis? Thanks Frank
I thought that you said it was $60/person?
John O'Shea was looking for the revenue backup for NNG.
nothing much, she's waiting for DWR's number, I'm waiting, you're wanting,  the whole state is waiting.
That's ok, it was nice to see/meet Emma too
do you still want the multiple (so that it will be 47.5 instead of 39.6)
I believe the committee has earned the right by its work to select the name. Jim
This letter is good , just get Sharon to give me a copy to sign.
thanks jmf
Thanks for remembering me.  Hope everythnig is well with you too!  JMF
Looks good to me.  I think we should post it in the critical notices and/or balancing documents section.
We won't need the GD curves, we can use GDP for all... O
thanks.  Jesse Morris EBS Transaction Support Phone:  713-345-4650 Cell:  713-408-6489 Fax:  713-646-5737 Email:  jesse_morris@enron.net
what do you mean?
thanks for reply( i already heard from you), but its the other assholes i would like to hear from
How many pts are you giving me?
ouch. Going to zero. This is the distressed sale we were expecting-who steps in to buy this?
This looks fine. Can I get a copy of what went. I may be in D.C. next week.
Yep - back in the saddle again - for two weeks that is..ECN 4357
Thanks, Dan.
Jim Curry attend for Robert Guthrie.
Looks like their new name?  ..Global..Transportation..BB??? bucket, bag, banner?
sweet
I am sure you guys will be on your way home be the time us risk guys leave. PL
Oh girl I know I do.  I'm very modest too.
I'm in
sorry, but i didn't get your message until late.  i'll call you at home tonight.
can you send the spreadsheet to Elaine Concklin for her to review?  Thanks  Tracy
Decision of Commissioner Wood   Probably. I'll find out later this week.
Probably.
Hey!!  What's up.  Do you have AOL Chat or something?
Take my name off, too.  Got to leave early.  Eat good!  Donna Everett 713-345-4295
given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?"
Reminds of the old TLC days.
will be back today
Mollie, Could you resend me the original with the attachment? Thanks, Bill
do you have anything with some current information to see what should be entered into each column?!
I can call in.
MC #5424180314178838  exp. 1/31/04  I assume this is to reserve the hotel.  Thanks.  Mat
Joe, give some details on the fishing trip. Day, Time, Where, and how Much
Thanks, Mark - do you happen to have the applicable Trailblazer Tariff?
Mike,  What's your fax number?
when is shortly?  what do i tell our customers?
HI
What is this ZP-15?
sure, love to, but where or at what number to call.  happy new year   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
wow - i wonder..
This seems like a really good time to ask for that ranking J
Judy Townsend jtownse@yahoo.com
cant even go to the head.  thanks for the offer anyway.  JMF
I hope this works..
dbaughm
2001 Plan.  I don't really have a current estimate so to speak.  Will that work?
Thank you. =20 Did you have a nice trip? =20  Best Regards,=20 Julie Clyatt=20 (713) 853-3256=20
Hey.  What happened here?  I called you after you sent this.  You still around?
which game is it?
Request Complete and GCP changes are Highlighted in Blue.    Albert Escamilla (Global Counterparty)
I'll be there.  DG
I'll play the cheap course.  Jim
I'll get back with you asap.  Michelle
Great thanks
Victoria, Fletch Sturm who works for Kevin Presto will be coordinating this for us.  Regards, Tim
Holden,  Please email me the February and March worksheet when it is available.    Thanks,  Steve
you have already won.  check schedule. PL
just faxed it to you...please let me know if don't receive it.   lisa
Done 7:20 at the Houstonian.  See you there.
To hire(no) or to represent us(maybe)?
thanks
No gifts, thank you -- just a social hour.
EB3907
sounds great - meet you there   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
Today.
Do you have anything for HomeTown Communications Network.  Looking for a gas  contract dated 6/14/01
$1MM.  Could be another $45,000 because of interest rate decreases.
Unfortunately I can't make it.
i know , thanks
Updated hot list;
Thanks.  I will try!   Mark
Thanks, of course, isn't CFSB one of our major lenders.
are you and celeste going to br on fri or sat
Oh yea, Kentucky... I didn't know St. J's was a top ten though.
i am gonna get wasted at this dinner.
I'll forward to them.
Then let's proceed with that model.  Someone needs to tell Jean B. not to get involved.  Jim
we are faxing to you now
NX1 +.14
no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time
You are so fast!  Many thanks!  Kim   :>)
$3.18 plus origination
Meeting at 6:30. Will let you know after that. Your ruler, Richard Buy
Dan:  Please add California Cast Metals Association to the list of signatories.   Thanks. Jeff
Obviously I have a problem with this, and I can't manage this cost as proposed.  Jeff
"how they met" brought tears to my eyes
Peter,  What is the motive of this memo?  Ray
Did you get my message concerning being out sick Friday and rescheduling?
cool
see ya' there
Looks like Dynegy may buy us.
I'm not interested.  But is it more, or less, than you described?
I will give it a try.
did you see asem atta in the picture?
groovy
we are working on it... but I have been distracted and slowing the process down.  BT
Dan usually has peanuts.  I need to replace his.
love you
This looks good to me.  Thanks,  Kim
true...i think the dynegy equity investment is dead...i think the discussion are about a full take over.
De nada...
Make Jim Taylor take you out to lunch sometime.
Garage at 4:30, I hope you can make it!  Jon
Did you get my voice mail about the logistics of tomorrow night?
How about 1pm Friday afternoon?  You on a plane.  Jim
i still haven't eaten lunch, so i may take off now and then meet you
Could you send me 4/29/01, I don't see it in the file you sent.  		Thanks 		Chris
only 2,687 mcf, this is per the field guys last week when they did the pressure check.
Does this email still work or is Enron trying to control all info in and out of the building?
I am fine with this.  They can prepare executables.
OR DA FOOL
3 to 1 - the games were close, but carlos controlled the match.
Jim,  I could not open the attachment, can you resend it.  Tom
No --sorry, but I was already scheduled to have lunch with Stephanie Harris.  Susan
Looks good.
Thanks.
What are we doing to cover scheduling over the holiday weekend?
Really?
I was reading your pricing sheet... couldn't resist the teaser.. Where is the next California? pls advise.  BT
Hi Amber, Please disregard the approval for WSI Corporation.   No Password Application for this company. Thank you, Claudia
503-464-3740
Here are my thoughts
Just the option traders: Harry Arora, Rob Stalford, Steve Wang and Jaime Gualy.  Michael Mattox x34317
okay.  Gracie
Thanks Chris!
vladislav@lycos.com
Thanks, Stephanie
boudreaux-  what's up?  are you going to the tenn game?
smells like could be headed for a hire interest rate environment, providing we have any type of economic growth
Lynn, do you need to know who will be attending?  Will there be any handouts?
I know, I have these too.
Go ahead and replace the page.  thanks. df
Jesus,  What about the first few days of February? My last day is the 31st.  Vince
no tengo ni puta idea
I believe so! I have it on my calendar at 11:00 a.m.
Yes.  It is:  ECTRL
Done.  I checked with the DBA... we have data in testp valid through June 24.  Regards, Will
I recognize those sunglasses!  ha ha ha!
Done.  Deal #749217.  D
yes the 750 case, sorry I left that out.
Its Dana..you know how that works!   Go shopping with me tonight!  Come on!!
Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
Kevin,  We will write these up and send them to you ASAP.  Thanks, Kim.
Packet is on it's way by fed ex.  Maureen will call the organizers.
I guess it would help if I attached the documents.  Sorry!  Here they are.
thanks , i had not seen this
deep six?
I only have a copy but no original.  Jim
I don't have hotmail.  AOL IM is jreitme.  Home e-mail is jennsreit@houston.rr.com  Jay
This is cool stuff. I'll talk to you this afternoon.
We need to run today.  I am not a father just a bad gas trader.
Will you e-mail me your form guaranty?  Thanks!
Jennifer --  SBX2 18 and SBX2 85 are important to follow.  Jim
no
Thanks Stacey.  We'll keep you posed of the progress.  - Zhiyun
Let me know if you need this broken out by month.
Andrzej,  Bardzo smieszne. U mnie wszystko OK.  Wicek
Great news...are we doing anything specific?  Can we take her to lunch?
initial thought is "yes"; I think all will be mgr and dir level.
Cheeky?
Sat sounds great   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
I am still alive and kicking for now.  We will know more in the next few days.  Tom
currently, it is pereira@houston.rr.com
We will now. Didn't know   John
That picture is going to occupy most of my day.
Yep, one thing I'm good at is being wrong (just ask Molly).
lower case (etsfin) same for id and password  	hoyt
Buyer to handle
nope
No worries.  Richard Sanders will handle it instead of you.   Twanda is sending new protocol out.
Boring!  things are slow here, too.  Playing golf Fri?
The good news is, we don't owe a mediation fee, right?  Lizzette, I'll give Jack a call.  Michelle
Can you find out how much it is?
Will do.  Thanks again for getting to the bottom of it.
Paula,  Do u want to go out and eat one day on weekend?  Vince
No big deal at all, I was just curious.  You missed quite the show today!
Shawn,  Let's meet  on Wednesday, next week at noon.   Vince
I don't know if I can leave yet...hang on a sec
Jan is on the list..
Is there an attachment?
No problem, should be available for the next meeting.  John Buchanan
i'll be in this powerpool meeting from 9:30 to 2:00
Monika, thanks very much for your prompt handling.
None of the meetings
Cool
you know its a mouth burger, boca is spanish for mouth
don't fuck with me or my milita
yes
MUCH INTEREST FROM ME
use -.01
I can meet with Keenon today or tomorrow. I will be out of the office Wed-Fri.  Thanks, JMF
c'mon, Biliana, stay positive
Has anybody from Calgers group met with him recently,( I know Mike was involved).    BT
No off-duty time for me on this report.  Thanks, Kim.
Empress can be traded in either, but for these purposed we would have it in USD/MMBtu.  Regards,  Jon
What is the P&L impact of these transactions to Enron?
Decision of Commissioner Wood   You're kidding.
yes, indeed..
Yes I think we can through Sasha J.  - and will do so -=20
Correct...what is a mouth burger?
cool. thanks.
Please add Blair Lichtenwalter to all Sun Devil distribution lists.  Thanks,  Teb
I believe Tim has your agreement.    Julie Kearney ENA Human Resources 503) 464-7404  julie.kearney@enron.com
not my choice - he's been doing this for the past couple of days
It's too bad I don't have the authority to trade it...!
Yes, and what are you doing for Halloween (Saturday Night)?
I will check and get back with you.
please disregard, and delete.
Mark Frankena is now an advisor to the Chair of the FTC.   Leslie--when do you start?
It's a filet of beef with bourdelaise sauce.
Thanks!  I'll use this one and delete the disclaimer.
Rika,   Looks good to me!  DB
We are in receipt of your GISB and will be reviewing same.  Thanks.
You didn't attach anything.
how do I get to your house after I come in the people gate?
it's all about the action.
I am fine with your recommendation. Jim
Night Shift was on Showtime Saturday afternoon - thought of you and your stellar performance of one particular scene.
If you need anything else, please let me know.  Jim
... I also need the exact title you have   Monika
I am back from vacation.  What is the status?  What can I do?
If only Carl could morph into another Loretta...
4:30 from your building?
Judy the GISB is not attached to this email. Please resend.
Don't we have our paralegal lunch today?
Thanks for the update.  I guess Michael has it wrong.  Have fun and see you soon bruce
It is going to be chilly willy outside bundalicious.. actually it should not be too bad.  Love ME
Thanks, but no headhunters.   I can't afford a fee.  Michelle
August, thanks
Thanks man, that is awesome!  Merry Christmas & Happy New Year!  DB
Looks like Darren's Family reunion!
BRING ME A THREADGILLS T-SHIRT!!! 506 CHITWOOD CRT  HOUSTON TX 77094  SEE YOU ON SATURDAY!
Kevin,  Your access has been updated on ADM09529.  Thank you, Stephanie x33465
Does this mean yes?
You are most welcome.
Thanks Tana
What is our Dominion status?
working on it.  Will talk to you on Thursday.
When the Wall Street Journal has story?  As usual.  Maybe the coffee and donuts will tell us something
Thanks... you, I mean, I try my best
No, I already told her there was no interest at Enron. No need to pursue. Rick
talked with her this afternoon.  gave her feedback on how I think you could add value to this business.
2-5, so much for the nice machine
I think that would be fine.. then we can get a little sun in? I think 3:30
attached are my changes
College Game day on ESPN will be in Norman, OK for the game Saturday!!!  Be sure to watch..
the day is already bad, the NYMEX had a bomb threat and they evacuated   ILY  dq
Tee hee (ki barber)
i think ive been a little too nice lately, i didnt want to spoil you
Everything looks good to me. Please deliver to the counterparty.  -Darren
I do not.
Please forward your email requests to the RAC group for opening this account.  Thanks.  Sara
No P&L on AIG to report. Also, I have a 2:30 with Rob to discuss Canada's cash situation.
Sorry - I guess I forgot to attach what I have. Here it is.
Its not live at the moment but   netteltons@aol.com
Hey there.  I'm working on your request.
Tami,   Thanks -- I am so glad you got my materials.     Susan Bailey
No Air yet. Cheapest I can find is $325
Thanks.   My info --  Jim Steffes 14354 Carolcrest Houston, TX 77079 281-759-8270 (H)
Well, it's about time!
Pat, please give me your thoughts on this issue, then I will discuss with Gas Control.   Thanks, Jeff
no.  i was home before 10.  definately party tonight and golf tomorrow.
can't do it -  thanks for the invite.
but you will only go if charlie goes?
Hey, how does this get me a new job?  Should I study these and know them by heart?
The Offsite is more imporant.  Please call Lysa Akin to confirm the date.  Jim
We will make sure to include the data if the units are not in the database.
I show you have 104 hours remaining...if you roll over 40 hours...you need = to take 8 days.  Thanks
Thanx for only sending the bullish reports. They helped me come in from off the ledge.
thanks for the offer.  i'll let you know
Ava, please code them as personal time with pay.  Thanks. Lynn
Most literally, sir.  Would you please now place the apple slices in the ..
Thanks, ain't going near it.  How's things going out there on your end--settling down at all?  Best, Jeff
You're the best!
Can you forward the spreadsheet below to me.  It is no longer attached.  Thanks,  Elaine
yep...you knew i would
that would be a terrorist activity!
thanks.. do we have early close today? are you going home for thanksgiving?
selling out other criminals to bring a speedy resolution to this thing is right
This is where Julie works now

Becky will pass out itineraries this morning.  We have flights out at about 8:30, departing Dallas around 2:30.
HUBRIS: ex. 1.)--see Portland City Council-- 2.) Reed College
This looks very good. I will discuss with Belden and Calger on Monday.
I'm affraid I'm going to have to ask for a replay on this one. :-)
Yes, I will call you tonight or tomorrow to give you an update.
DOES ANYONE NEED 2 TICKETS ?? I CANT ATTEND.  PLS CALL ME AT X58146
sure.. each candidate to see 5 people.  Thanks, Karen B.
Thanks Gerald...  This has been forwarded to Skipping Stone  Julie  :-)
Thanks.
sure
At least you know you are out of control. That is partial success. Thanks for note. Rick
Will be there.
Thanks for your response.  I was wondering if you guys have public information about the spill program coming up.
Waiting to hear back from Shawn on the definition. I'll pass that on when he responds.
I think I'll decline unless it gets her off your back. ted
Just send an email to the Body Shop.  Thanks Jennifer
Sounds like they have a deal already.
Yes
In
Sure, once we figure it out, I'll let you know.
I'm in NM Thur. and Fri..  Alway's available by phone.  Got a time in mind?
$36 and i am not sure...around 200 i think.  me
Customer is correct. I changed the deal in sitara.
What do you think?  We have a babysitter that night already, although I am sure we could cancel it.
My mom sent this to me.  What do you think...?
WHICH HR IS DIFFERENT?
I have reviewed and it looks fine to me.   	mk
I will change you to YES.  Thanks for getting back to me so quickly.  Sara
Thanks
I agree.  The draft with Lindy's changes still makes our point.  gh
There was no attachment
thanks for the update.
I think we finally have everthing.   Thanks.
Is that what ECR want to do with it?
Sure.  I'll have Ingy wash and polish it first.
Ok
thanks for update.  pls keep sending info.
yes
I will be there... PL
yes
maybe -- I might have to owrk until really late -- today has been really rough...
Give me a call regarding the PG&E netback deal when you have a chance.
Yes, my mistake.
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
yes.
I got it thanks anyway
none
Mike, thanks for the info.  I would like to be included on receiving the log weekly.  Thanks. Lynn
Don't be cheeky.
made with meat from around the mouth?
Rick, please let me know if there is anything I can do to help you.  Jeff
Joe, are all of these points valid for transport?  Thanks. Lynn
you should request this from eric ledain or derek davies, they have the current list
Lorraine,  I take it that contracts 25923 and 25924 should remain under Texaco's control?
Thanks!  Sue
YES.. I have added you to our RSVP list.
4.17 offer
no, but i didnt even know you guys were going.
she was not.  do you need to see the list again to know where to rank her?
The meeting is scheduled for tomorrow from 9-10 in EB38C2.
Wow, there is a God.  Thanks.  Have a great weekend.  Best, Jeff
Thanks for reserving the room. I will not need any food ordered. Thanks, Bill
what's tomorrow?
no but I still have your stuff do you want to come and get it
Barbara,  No I have not.  Susan
I copy and send shortly
We need PowerDat and GasDat.  Sign Kevin up as the user and we can share th= e userid.
Sounds good.   I'll see ya at 4:30.
I'm Sorry Francis for continuing to call.  I didn't see your e-mail.
That's my boy!
Richard,  Would you please add Mark McConnell and Paul Y'Barbo to this distribution list.    Thanks, Kim.
The mws are accepted on their website.  You might have to dispute this.
Yes,  Joe Capasso does report to me.  Thanks, JMF
Let me know when you have a minute.
Attached is the final letter version.  I am OK with the wiring instructions.
This looks great Gerald!  Thanks.  What next?  Are you going to make official copies?  Andrew
I did have those set up pretty quick.
I have both days on my calender.   I'll get TJ to resolve.  Thanks.
Count me in.  See you tomorrow.
whatever you think - just let me know
Last time I checked, no one could tell the difference. B
Thanks Tana ...that was great.
sorry i went to get lunch, i think people are freaking out because of ken lays email this morning
Wednesday works for me!!
Yes
Patrice,  That's fine..  Did the long descriptions look good?  ML
Its on the way.
Although I've been out of the office a lot, I've been here for time report purposes.   Thanks, Kim.
I wil let Julia know.  Thanks,  Carolyn
Gal actually   She's a Cindy type person who has been responsible for organising this conference for years.
Did you get my message on option valuation in the portfolio?
Audrey,  All of my time was normal time.  Thanks,  Paul
I have nothing to report.  Thx Lindy
You should think about getting all the Enron logoed stuff you can.  They'll be great collector's items.
none
Thanks, that filled in the holes I needed.  Richard Riehm 713.345.9385 Richard.Riehm@Enron.com
why does this list have third parties on it
Mike,  Thanks.  Vince
As shankman would say 'working ya'
I think ours has bigger issues associated with it...
I just put it in.
always up for golf , can not play sat but can sunday
OK for me.
i would like more detail if we have it tx rick
Thanks Nyree :)
Plan of Reorganization.
Thanks,  I love this e-mail!
Could you tell me what deal tickets you are seeing?
It's 2200 miles to Houston, to far to drive  home (403) 685-4817
It is finished,  I just need an attorney to review it.  It should be ready in the morning.
We'll have $1.5 B. for about 15 minutes.
have you partying this week already with Shawn?
Looks like everything went well. We do not have access to the Terminal Server right now.   John
Where did you sleep l ast night.  By theway, Brad does not want the couch.
I'll keep track of the gifts while Tripp opens them.
Retail sales.
AReM decided to intervene for now and see how/when/if it should get active in the proceeding.
no issues - please contact
Thanks Vince.  We'll take a look.
OK, leaving at 4:00, so if I don't see you have a wonderful trip & take lots of pictures!!
I was all set to send the press release to my mother and then I saw Louise's name.
www.thefistfuckdaxfrostedfruitflakesposse.com
That is just WRONG?..
no - just a chance to sell more
Ticket booked..I'm making a run for the boarder on Aug. 22..Wish me luck!  Jon
yu didnt send me anything
Importance: High   Thanks Chris.
What do you think about the % of load argument?  This is Sue's e-mail.    Wanda
What'cha doin over there?
your assuming i am spelling it right
That's great!  Tell her congatulations if you say that for a green card..  I am not moody bunda
Phone Number is 713-345-4154.  What number should I try to call you at if we have trouble connencting?
Opps, he's UBS too.
Thanks...it is already there.
Corrected price - sorry for the confusion!
Mara,  This is updated.  I'll be using this hot list.  Thanks Paul
Your welcome!
I ported all the profiles from the current site to the new one
my bid is 3.61
No rows found in both OTC or exchange traded deals.
Importance: High
Carolyn,  Please add me to your distribution list.  Thanks, --Lizzette
ok.  i checked with a few others that i send the report to and they didn't have any problems.
do you have an extra raquet
OK
I already notified Chris about it.   John
What are you doing for lunch?
415.782.7854.  Thanks alot.  Best, Jeff
Please disregard the previous email.  Have a great day!!  Zakiyyah xt 58146
Thanks for the note. Congratulations to you and Dina (and Michael) on the birth of Jack!
Shirley,  No problem.   Vince
Please see attached.  Password is the same.  Call w/any questions.
Thanks
Did you hear from Maco?
I didn't see the attachment.
Thanks - I will be there.
yep.  I asked Jeff Darst to sign and fax back to us.
socal border.  Thanks for your help  Kim
We wouldn't.  I'll talk with Kim.
Also need storage balances and the daily flows for everyday over the last 12 months.
Thanks for your help Dorie.
I don't have it.
Good question.  I thought he was through with it last week.  I'll check up on  it.
Yes.
I may take you up on that voucher...I'll touch base with you tomorrow at some point.
Kam - let me know if you still have problems with this book.  Thanks, ST
bmckay@houston.rr.com
Sensitivity:	Confidential  Yes and am currently determining if it is the same person.
My apologies for the public humiliation.  Bill
Sensitivity:	Confidential  what happened with this  -- are we really transacting with this CPty?
Please provide conversion factors for each of these curves.  Please resend upon completion.  Zakiyyah xt 58146
I just tried to call you
Thanks Jeff,  This email shows the new TEAM members.  GO TEAM!
that could work...they do have food and it's not horribly crowded on Thursdays.
Will you change the dates of the column headings for the summary section.  Thanks, Mike
ok.  I'm booked all week but next week I can do it.  Jim
I like issey miyake and acqua di gio.   -e
I repo-ed the options book yesterday and Larry didn't even miss it.  He must have memorized it by now.
Christi -  Did this come from FERC??  Jim
This sounds good to me.  Thank You,  -Joe
Still here.  Pretty quiet on the floor though.  How hard did your area get hit?
Sunday e-mail  hunter-jessica@houston.rr.com
You bet.
Yes, Joe said he would make the call.
No.  Wright's energy consultants.  Hedy has a call into Rick for confirmation.
of course I'm here. what's up?? How are you doing?
how reliable a source.
HUBRIS: The elevation of pomposity to such bloated and seemingly irrelevant levels as to transform it to stupidity.
yes
Is this something in which you think we should be engaged?
medium thanks   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
Yes, but Vish made the changes in Table Edit.  : - )  Will
Veronica Gonzalez will be delivering the original L/C to your attention shortly.
How about I talk with her on the phone...  We can visit with her tonight.  K.
Yes, unless the facts have changed.  Have the facts changed?
There will be no holds barred with the Times and the Wash Post weigh in on this one.
Sounds good. Best, Jeff
too late.
I note that he is already on Bev's email list below.
Will be as of 12/31/01. He hasn't been particularly effective.
I'm sure it is sad.  This is a lesson for those of us who are younger.  DIVERSIFY!
Yes.  Jennifer Burns Executive Assistant to Jeff Shankman Enron Global Markets, LLC
Urban legend .. Osama was fighting for the US then I think.  Interesting
ey dispute  Thank you
No
thanx dude.
Looks like Dynegy may buy us.
Ed  I fully support settling the claim as you have outlined.  Regards  Adam
Why is Dynegy in the case?
i hope to quit before that becomes an issue.  one can only hope.
HUBRIS: ex. 1.)--see Portland City Council-- 2.) Reed College
great.  I look forward to seeing you.   Scott
sounds good to me.
Best advice I've EVER been given. Now to the hard part - I have to find one.
Sorry, I thought I attached this.
Susan --  Muchas gracias.  Thanks.  Jim
FYI.  Britt
Have HGP attend.
Ava, I was in the office for October 1 - 15th.   Thanks. Lynn
Was this a 1-time thing or is it happening often?  Jay
Lucci reccomends www.matchmaker.com and www.russianbrides.com.  Actually he's not sure those are right but he will get them for us.
I am not interested.   Dave Duran may have interest and I will forward this e-mail to him.
thanks.
Thanks.  What size t-shirt?
Yes...sorry about implying that you did not have approval...
Ava, I was working 1 - 15th.  Thanks. Lynn
I see you have already calendared, so I have RSVP's for you to Loreyna Garcia this a.m.
Good op ed piece.
Thanks for the information.  I am a little surprised by Marathon.
Agreed.  As far as I'm concerned, we are arbing the market.
That is cool.
not a chance. the're probably dusting the letter for prints right now.
Yes.
I must be sleepy this morning.  ??.   K.
Bet Mike ain't thrilled about not being the firm to draft this...How's it look thus far?
Really?  Any terms of the deal disclosed?
sounds good.
Willis Philip and I are scheduled to attend the Oct 16 class.  Paul 3-0403
We have developed a matrix and are populating it. I should have something to you soon.  Gloria
should we (or can we) bring a gift.
no thx
Is that what ECR want to do with it?
I think you would be a great candidate.
You are the GREATEST!!  Thanks
Thanks for the kind word!
very good and tastefull
You are welcome.  Hope the stock price stays "up".
Maco bought a house in Dickerson, proabably cousin Will R. , Jason Gilman, etc... will be there.
I'm waiting on a call-back right now.  You are welcome to join in
ok
any changes in the Jazz Fest verdict? PL
I don't mind Houston or Albuquerque. Vegas is definitely out from a perception perspective. sj
try to net woth bank of america the cal 4,5
absolutely
This is fully consistent with what we are communicating throughout the organization
503-464-3740
He he he...  You are soo funny!  I didn't even say "I wuv u"!
Let's try to get 8 playoff tickets for the desk.
I have responded to Tom Davidson/  Just wanted to let you know.
It was a BMW and they are paying me more than I paid in Calgary 3 years ago.
This article was in Natural Gas Intelligence, afternoon edition today.  Lorna
I also heard a rumor of an all-employee meeting (ie, those who survive the first cut)
LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon.
understand that mertz saw decent deer that only you are suppose to know about.
Please disregard the 5/8 Enovate DPR.  I will be resending shortly.  Johnny Thibodeaux
I jest, and don't call me Shirley
Marie, have you received the entity list from credit yet??? bng
Greetings from London. What do you think about P, TX, DVN?   Vince
Not only have I seen it, I have also taken credit for it.
thanks for checking and publishing this.  I will have another talk with the guys. PL
Jeff, what's your location?  Your location is not in Peoplefinder anymore.  Thanks, SBR
did you know that stressed spelled backwards is desserts?? - another wonderful way to handle stress!!
yes.  we've made budget this year.  what do we need more income for?
I don't get them anymore, but I don't think alumni can participate in on-campus recruiting.
Is Thursday night, "Man Night" for "those kinds of men" too???
There will still be a short Team Leader meeting right after Stan's floor meeting.  John Buchanan
No problem.
He certainly has been agressive on these topics.  I'd want to hear more from John Shelk on the substance.
de nada
Request Complete for 10-04-01 & 10-05-01.      Albert Escamilla (Global Counterparty)    X 3(7578)
Nosir.  You are the man working on this FREAKY pipe.
Ava, Regular time for me.  Thanks. Lynn
I am wiping the freakin' tears from my eyes!!!  That is absolutely awesome!
I'll discuss tomorrow with Bob.  Jim
Supposedly but I am trying to get out of it.  I will let you know.
Not at this time.  I plan to continue to use my personal American Express.
I am not sure what New Start is? Any details?
Please participate and give group overview.  Thanks.
Large.  Thanks. Lynn
I will look at it today and respond.
Average or better.  Maybe different groups get notice on different days.
Did this get any press? If so,send me any articles you may have.
I'm back in Thursday am.  Let's beat the heck out of Dynegy on this case.  Jim
Yes.
Will do and will make sure that there are no GTC changes in the near future.
Don't know what time on Monday.
No.
Why are you thanking me?
Easy there Gentleman
Oops, sorry!
yes.
9:30 AM works for me.  I will inform Hoang and Demetrics.
so big, so bold.  great thinking   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
nope
Agree. I doubt that the process will be completed by the 11th knowing how= =20 legal works anyway.
I will be in early tomorrow because I have to leave at 4 p.m. for a 4:30 appointment.
Remember that's the WSJ  -- with that op-ed, every other paper NYT etc. will pile on even harder.
I think he has more years of steel experience than you do of life experience!  Regards,  Jeff
6:00 am?  Surely you jest...?
note that his problems are not really corporate.   he has problems with allocations from ENA and Europe.
Thanks.  Vince
This was intended for the other Susan Scott.  Thanks
I'll go to the Houston meeting.  Jim
Hey, I think you are the only person that doesn't delete this right away.
Ava, I don't have any vacation planned.  Thanks. Lynn
we have this. no idea of schedule right now. probably tomorrow am. waiting to hear from them.
Thanks.
Looks like LN's !0 point "Dead Deer Still Walking" from a couple years ago!
1pm is best for me.  DG
Steph, I will not be able to attend this meeting.  Thank you.
Ava, I was in the office all this pay period.  Thanks. Lynn
see quality takes time... that is why my email was slightly delayed :) Cara
no to the snake
thanks
Discuss with Stephanie and Barry.
Ravi is a __.
I didn't calendar (or at least I don't remeber).  When will this happen?  Jim
I will be there, just let me know when and where.   Cvb
I am trying to pull it up now, it's taking a long time
don't fuck with me or my milita
I've sent some releases and other info to Mike B.  Let me know if I need to resend.
Looks like everything went well. We do not have access to the Terminal Server right now.   John
Confirms as requested. Tanya, Raj and I will call you to discuss.  Treasa
Not that I can think of
Yes - all enabling agreements need to be included
please take me off of this list, I am no longer with EBS
I called and have this set up for Denver to be Video Conferenced in on this meeting.
Let' s discuss.
No, I think now is the time to keep a low profile!
I bet your insurance is a 3 times higher than Calgary.
I am now with williams.com.
fyi  just in case  Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
I've already RSVP'd for Thurs.  I believe some of the TW commercial folks are attending this one as well.
Looks like Dynegy may buy us.
Do you have the info from credit on Richardson?
u wanna go?
Some additional comments to Jim's.     Andy Rodriquez Regulatory Affairs - Enron Corp. andy.rodriquez@enron.com 713-345-3771
Thanks a ton for you help on this item  =09=09Chris
Have you determined for sure when and where the meeting will be?
That could be one for the books.
tx, rick
Thank you, Julie!  Kim.
Per our conversation
It's hard to say "Quark".  I want to call it "Quack".
I agree with Ed proposal to accept the settlement.  Kris
just looking out for your health
sad but true.
Are you kidding me?  This is absurd.
Thanks
Anytime.
I will know in the morning...the guy already left for the day.
YOU ARE SO COOL - THANKS TONS!
How about 10am Tuesday??
that's what all the girls say!!1
I think so, but how can I tell?
I'd do it if you needed to.  We have a big office there.
given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?"
UBS hasn't put you to work yet?!?
Yes,  Thanks
Yes I did forget it. Here it is.  thanks, MOnika Causholli
around 4-5pm
Thanks, Misha.  How many are at a table?  I've already got some folks who are interested.  Michelle
I already do. B
that's what i was afraid of. i'll try again and resend.  sorry about that.  Best, Jeff
Make sure Fuller pays up.. I know he has some money hidden somewhere.. thanks. BT
Fax 281 618-6683n thank YOU FOR THAT INFORMATION, GODD LOOKING OUT DUCK
yep.  I asked Jeff Darst to sign and fax back to us.
Yes - I figured you would be doing the translation tomorrow - I can help if you like.
party killed to due to bad spirits down here. PL
looks like this is something junior can pull together?
Sorry forgot the attachment      Albert Escamilla (Global Counterparty)
congrats
What did she say?
Thanks.  You too!!
These look fine to me.  Sophie
Thank you. =20 Did you have a nice trip? =20  Best Regards,=20 Julie Clyatt=20 (713) 853-3256=20
Which meeting works for you?  Thursday is better for me.
I am confident this will work out.  Thanks.  GP
Susan and I are on the case.  Are you still in DC?
Shelley, would you like one of these corp MasterCard's?  Thank you, Ricki
Good info.  I like the Reg Orig plays.  Amr should track our success.  Jim
no some people are in both for the moment. rick
Request Complete and GCP changes are Highlighted in Blue.    Albert Escamilla (Global Counterparty)
Amen!
Hey, what is the login for Fried Wire?  Thanks, Don
understand that mertz saw decent deer that only you are suppose to know about.
I'll play the cheap course.  Jim
Congrats!  Thanks for your help.  Mark
leaving early Sunday - please answer my other ??
Thanks Carl.  I'll call your number @ 10am tomorrow.  DG
do you have the internet addresses and directory details put togethor yet
Thanks Dave. I got in.  Monika
how reliable a source.
I think the ran the spell check.
As will the deer on closing weekend!!! Perhaps a doe harvest will occur?
Yes, but Vish made the changes in Table Edit.  : - )  Will
The filing (non-environmental only) is 384 pages.  Does everyone need a copy, or just you?
Agreed.
Do I need to let them know who will be there for the items listed below.
When are we gonna get together?
Thanks.  Good luck.  Should be interesting. =20 Best, Jeff
No interest.
Lisa:Ditto..I'll say my proper goodbyes before the week's out. You're also quite welcome...it's the least I(we) could do.
Am I holding them or do you definitely want them?
Thanks, Kevin..Tony
Thanks for the information.  I am a little surprised by Marathon.
thanks.
Thanks,  Will they also be doing those additional files that are not in the Netco directory?  KK
As you can see, I was copied on the original e-mail.
Are you in today?
Dave, I am trying to do a summary. Do you think it's better If I send it as it is?
Yes.  Are you coming to drink with us?  It should be quite the blowout give= n the circumstances.
I am sorry - things aren't much fun right now are they??  Except beating you at spades.
stop yanking my chain.
See my and Sue's email.
Not only have I seen it, I have also taken credit for it.
i'm sry..hunbun
how come you never answer your phone??
Yes, it is.
Please remove me from your email distribution list.
Get set up on MSN messenger
Average or better.  Maybe different groups get notice on different days.
Unable to this time.  Mark Pickering=20 Chief Technology Officer  Enron Net Works, LLC    __ =20
Great!!
and Clayton Research.
9:30 AM works for me.  I will inform Hoang and Demetrics.
OK for me.
Just one copy .
Monday   Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story?  415.782.7854.
0413 Co. 107321 RC Code  BT=20
fyi...
Thanks guys!  This is great.
Thanks alot.
fyi  just in case  Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
We'll see.
I will be there.  I will fill you and Mark in on what we hear.  --Sally=20
Yes they are to prepare all the UCC filings.
We're engaged...
Monday   Comnes has a copy; I'll walk over and ask him to send it to you.
Monday   Comnes will be sending it in a minute or two.
I think we should participate.  I would ask David Harvin, Jeff Alexander, or Carrin to write it.
I want the tickets.. also, can you tell me what time the race starts on s= unday.  BT=20
I need help on "WUFBR, SMATB"  --Forget bring refreshments?..Sunday morning?..  K.
We're engaged...
Eric,  Thanks.  Vince
Amusing if you're way up there in Portland..
yes i have read that one.  Rotten tomatoes appear to be all around enron.
how reliable a source.
Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story?  415.782.7854.
Do you know this person?
cool, let's check on the air permits and get contacts
http://www.chemexpo.com/news/PROFILE991129.cfm
thanks
LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon.
Kean, Kirby, Gibb, me.  Lots of fun.  Not.  Best, Jeff
thank you  :)
you took the words right out of my mouth...
Thanks!!
Done.
I don't. Check with Linda Lawrence.
Thanks!  I haven't seen this yet.  -  Teb
Shirley.  OK  Vince
Yes, Paul.  Thanks.  Any word today re lenders' action wrt termination notice?
Do you think Chevron wants out of the trading business??
Good op ed piece.
can i have the Reader's Digest condensed version please!!
Thanks!
Will let you know as soon as we get it figured out.  Best, Jeff
Nothing here either.  Just looking forward to going home tomorrow.
