Looks like the market ain't crazy about our 10Q. You get the go ahead from Whalley on PG&E?
Coral	Jeff Whitnah	713-767-5374 Relaint	Steve McGinn	713-207-4000
just how many ene people were busy selling gas this weekend vs outside counterparties?
Opps, can I scoot you to Thursday?
The agreement (#96000255) was papered by Enron
Yeah, but I am in a depressed mood and I want to go home and sleep.
is 2pm OK?
im only kidding
Do you have quantities at price or is it all calculations?  Thanx, Laura
I need one of those.  Jilly
and why would you be a saint?  what did you do?
Please let me know if I can give him full access including the forward curves.   Rika
Any update from the guy from London?
 Sorry about that.  There was a lot of cutting and pasting involved.
Let's get Bev or Hedy to deliver the message.  Great idea.
i made some slight modifications.   

how was felicity??
yep
How do we get this loop closed?  Is this a meeting?
change eol deal VH2717.1 with IDACORP Energy L.P. to 4.1675
I took 1/2 day vacation Friday, December 7.  Thanks.
cant we just go for one day
Importance:	High  Dennis, can we talk about this?  Thanks, Kim.
What do you think of this?
11:15 am - 2:00 pm
although he may be a little out of my league
It will most likely be a percentage of the premium we receive..
have you been mad at me for some reason?
And it will look a lot like Planet of the Apes..LOL
brad nebergald run ill mkt -Jim Steffes
Marie, My plea is for it to be next week.  I'm totally swamped and understaffed this week.  Diane
Importance: High  Sarah,  This is what A.W. sent me.  Joe
Sounds good to me. Is 12 ok?
Are we still friends??
Credit.  Tom Moran, Veronica Gonzales or Bjorn Hagelmann.
Anybody up for happy hour after work?  I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5.  Let me know
Do you have an email address for him?
- ENRON RESEARCH Nat gas.doc 
Here you go!!!
I would, but I am on a mission to find a McDonald's...I'll go with you this afternoon
because it makes you mean
i am the heat miser
I left Kathy a message at (970) 240-6206 on Monday July 9, 2001.
These would be in the debt tests performed for the lenders.  Do you know the answers?
Monika,  Attached is two News reports about the expansion of the Phoenix Pulp mill.  Stacey   
Jeff Sommers is on track to present for the International group (in Jim's absence) on November 1, right?
anything exciting going on over there
  Here is a list of Pete's EOL products. Thanks.
Are u still there?
I am - thanks for more of it!
...since I waited half an hour for you last time
Here's the data from Truequote.
Noo..  What is your question or concern?
We should be done then.
yeah, but I don't know for who...I don't think I will be working for Chris.
Legally I cannot contact her since she is represented by an attorney.  I will follow up with Jeff.
come on up this afternoon around 3.
I'm gonna call Greg Ford right now.
Desk is 3274D  Thanks
Eric,  Remind me again at how the free agent pool works for pick-ups.  Thanks  Chuck
grossed me out...
are you here?
because I said so
I know that u wanted Henry. So what do u think?
ok, but i have to approve them first.
i can't call, class just started.  i can email or instant message.
i second, sorry mike
do you have msn mess service
Paul, Thanks for the map.   One more question: where is it from? Max
please
Can you have lunch on Monday?
Please let me know when you will have some time next week.  Thanks,  Michael
It has already been taken care of dawling!  Ginger Dernehl Administrative Coordinator Global Government Affairs Phone# 713-853-7751 Fax# 713-646-8160
ok , well lets make it soon
Brad, looks good to me.  I really appreciate you getting these done.  Thanks. Lynn
you find me the explanation to all and i will find the day!
Are you free for drinks either Monday or Wednesday?
Maybe I'm missing something, but I cannot tell from this schedule who  we are delivering to.
Good Morning!  How's the leg?  Do you have instant messenger of some kind?  K.
The range on my next day power was 110 to 260.
i should be over today at some point in time.
dinking, i will meet you around 2:30
I know, but if you were my boss, then I would be able to
shoveling food down my throat
Nancy,  The ($3,384,713) difference was due to a change to the Modesto Maranzana power plant.  Martha
how was portland
Have you decided what time is good?
Are you getting hungry yet?
Do you have an estimated time on retranslation? PL
Per my voice mail.  Regards.
hey thanks...i'll be there.  just got back from Portland last night and am going through some FPP withdraw..
Vince:  	I sent you the wrong file earlier. Please use this one instead. Thanks, Krishna.  
you mean:  "Ruggles ENEGY Field" (Enron + Dynegy)   ckl
ok next week
you're cooking?
yep, whats happening
Do you have an address/contact information?
I juts don't think it is the most prudent source of funds - lets do more research on advertisement mediums
Importance:	Low  Please verify price for Client Services.
did lsu win?  aren't you supposed to be out of town or something?
You mean Bob Lane?
gotta work out right after work but then I can.  What were ya thinkin'?
Monika  Please compare this figures with the figures I sent earlier  Dirk
what??
you are killing me
Michelle, here is a faxed version of Nick O'Day's contract.  Who should sign it for Enron.  Thanks
Yeah, about 2 weeks ago.  John
It will be in 38C1 beginning at 11 am CT tommorrow.
yep
I like a little rough, I would never beat you. :-)
You look incredible today.  Forget Front Porch!
-- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
How much time(in terms of hours) do you guys spend reviewing/correcting/analyzing Settlements forms each month?  John
dinner this week?  i'm free mon-wed
coffee?
pls defer meeting plans until further notice.   thanks, BT
Kevin,   I am having no luck sending this to you to your hotmail account..   Mike McAuliffe
We have called Henwood - they are working on a NYC curve - hopefully Monday.  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
whatever I want
stomach problems
no
ha...why not
well...here we are.  i'm still not buying.
I thought we already told them to exclude those portfolios???  Stacey
That is great.
Why? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Whoops!  Forgot you.  Must have been that vacation..
please what?
I finally found the damn trigger?or at least figured out what it was for!!!
Yes it is
thanks
coffee?
Buy Gas Producers the AGA just came out and it was Crazy bullish gas
are you sure that you should!!  :)
Hey, tack me down when you get a moment.   Joe 39636
done
Theresa, Can you find out where the loss was booked?
Yes, thank you.
I am sure you guys will be on your way home be the time us risk guys leave. PL
Maria,  do you have a revised set after the changes we discussed??  MK
We are still waiting for you approval on this. Thanks, Francis
why don't you figure out what the heck you're doing before you try to rope me into something
fyi
that kid is hilarious.  Do you know what his last name is?
Debra,  Does this kind of thing go on alot?  Steve
I forgot I have a 4:15 doctors appt
Anybody up for happy hour after work?  I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5.  Let me know
Draft Change Order
What do you think of this?
The term sheet looks fine.
Anne,   What about 2:00 or 3:00 p.m.?   Your choice.   Vince
looks like a fix has been put in place.  thanks  bob
what?
Incredible performance Saturday.  Georgia is now my 2nd favorite team.  http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16427 http://www.theadvocate.com/sports/story.asp?StoryID=16430 http://louisianastate.theinsiders.com/2/23364.html
she does look like a man, she's hideous.  you are ruining my day.
Goldman Sachs High Yield Research; 8/14/01
Are you related to Paulo Pereira?  I seem to remember something like that?
Did you watch the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show last week
no, but is the inevitable
Will work for food.
UBS bought 100% of trading
you are jack frost the jack ass!!  he he
you suck
Please see attached.   
plus 50 for the minni bet 185
Are you working on the new Contracts?
Do you have  a mtg this afternoon?

No problem.  Joannie
How much are tickets?  Probably Sat.
Do you think we should get Sonia to update this?  Stacey
really, so who then, me?
is it next week yet
I can be there to introduce and then drop out.  Patagonia is in Ventura, CA
which game is it?
that was a good comeback
I'm wearing a shirt too
Thanks.  from 3 - 4?
Andrea Yowman  Enron Corp  713-853-1477
[IMAGE] Just a quick note to say Happy Birthday!  I love you! Cathy   - sunbannA.gif 
She used to schedule gas at Entergy.  She started here today and she was asking about you.
it's not going to zero.  you need to think more positively.
FYI
I am familiar with the Mancini option, but I don't know who this person might be.  Any ideas?
i am sure i could have persuaded you to give me some action.  why is enron blowing up?
Per our conversation, I would appreciate your input on the questions from a legal perspective.  Thanks for your help.
I think you should call Second to find out if they counsel or get someone off of their list.
FYI
I think after lunch we be ok.  We have our storage meeting today and it usually runs into lunch!
ok it can be you!  i get the short end of everything with you!  BRAT!!
hey Stacey,  thanks for sending me the presentation template.  Monika
Please let me know the adjustment in dollars.  Thanks
can you wait about 20 minutes?  you are impatient.
FYI
i guess so
Do you remember at what price do we own Microsoft?
no but we did look, i dont think i am
FYI R2
Importance: High   Attached is a copy of the above referenced filing Transco has made at FERC today.
matt, it's cool.  i was just playing!
Attached is the FINAL version of the Protocol Regarding Data and Document Migration.
I just got back from shopping.  I bought a new outfit for tomorrow!
That was my plan!
too bad no drinking
nope to be nice
Guthrie:  are you planning on attending?  Is this the asset purchase?
If it makes you feel better, I forward it to 2 other people!
Can you get me an Index offer for TCO pool, 5000/day for the following:  0ct02-mar03 jan03-feb03  Thanks, Jim
Are you awake?
what makes you think demand is coming back?..have monitored permanent closures/off-shore moves
 This is an early draft document and should be revised, but does explain the spread option structure.  --Stinson
I was still talking to you!  I didn't realize we'd disconnected.  See you later.	ii
Thanks, but no headhunters.   I can't afford a fee.  Michelle
Do you guys envision offering odd lots like California currently does?   Stewart
im still wating for one
understood.  I think Kayne needs some help in working through MDEA.  Kay
Rebecca, 	Have we heard from John?  We've received Tenaska's  invoice.  Thanks, Elsie
yes, last week, and I am going to be calling him again this afternoon.  How's it going?
\ why do i have to buy you dinner when you get back?
laura had wine with dutch at lunch.  he must like her more than you like me.
You going to Ceili's then?
You guys have the list right?  Can you send it to Mike?  Tom
Thought you might like this!
Stan's meeting with Phil's group is at 2:00 today in 2AC12 - Forum.
very soon
Sensitivity:	Confidential  Set up a meeting with Cindy
what do you want to do on this?
Geoff Storey is the trader on all three deals.
fyi
you make your destiny..just remember that
havent you learned yet im always right
rafael is a guy.
Perry's trying to crash our party..what a bitch..
CONGARTS BABY
Hunter, Do you want to continue to receive Upstream imbalance and deal chnage info?
Um no.  Should I?
don't make me call mommy.  is she there yet?
THE GREAT THING IS THAT I CAN DEDUCT THIS FROM MY ARNOLD ACCOUNT.
I have set it as my screen saver...
What money?  I don't know what you're talking about
Yeah, I know the buisness VERY well.
its really nasty outside
Is this essential?
Have you seen me today?  I'm blonde again!!!
what do you think?
9369 TOMORROW
Jim is at 614-744-2768  Heidi 614-744-2782
oops, also the annuity for the 7th is with volume of 24MW/hr, should it be 25MW/hr?
west palm baby
who in eol is pulling the plug ?
me and my grandma  <Embedded Picture (Device Independent Bitmap)>
Nicole
quit ignoring me!
I got everything hooked up , I guess.  You need to straighten out the cords this weekend.
me thinks below but won't really move until closer to expiry
why
This is a different counter-party that is looking to sell 50-100 MW from May-Dec02.
can not say that i am , i just have so things up i hate to think of another
no, we are setting records on the # of trades. no counterparty issues at this time
FYI.
oh really?  and who would that be?
If you take my var away from me at least you owe me a drink!!!
that means nothing..uk is giving away boxter for new employees ans slicing 10% at same time
Not on a plane, boat or train.  I'll call at 1 pm CDT.
Huntman,  Any truth to the rumor about Johnny leaving the group (not the company)?  Fletch
you wrer the one that got nasty
fyi   Kate B. Cole Director, Corporate Services Enron Corp. Tel: (713) 853-1624 Fax: (713) 646-8007 Email: kate.cole@enron.com
well get going
<http://news.independent.co.uk/business/news/story.jsp?story=103069>
How are you doing today?
i think i already approved it for you

The 15th is Enron's Management Conference and the 22nd is Thanksgiving.  Any other dates?
what's pdx?
Damn! That's all I know how to make!
Gaffney told me to ask you about your dance partmer?
just kidding
it will work out perfectly, i havent talked to her, and you have a job
sure,sure.
ready any time you are

Marie,  Jane and I are going to lunch at 11:30.  Can you join us?
I would like to take Dec 26, 31 and Jan. 2 as vacation days.  Thanks,  Kay
i thought you had pull
well thanks for your help charlie brown
This is a visual representation of how hours are broken out, and their designations   
yes you do.
which brian?
and how do you suggest that i manage that?
Do you have Ryan's e-mail address?
I heard its been canceled.
yes please, thanks, Sheila
Thank you, Amy for checking this out for us.  Have a great weekend.  Kim.
Q07901.1 = -$243,079 Q07911.1 = +$219,501 Net = +$23,578
Do you have time Tuesday? I need to start talks with Lonestar. Gary Bryan
i see.  and where do i tell fred and ny that i am going?
no cost to us and i'm good... O
sure
Bullets, please!!!
you look so handsome today!
I know
morning!
Vince,  I will appreciate if you could forward the information on Praveen and Roman.  Thanks, Osman
total bill was $230.  Thanks. PL
why are you going to the dr?
what does that mean
no
Kevin,  Which do you prefer...an AM or PM phone interview?  Please let me know,  TJae
mexico is now back on.  I think Melissa has some sort of imbalance!
sure does
i'm funny.  don't you think?
i don't know what you're talking about.
Hey - -did you meet this guy?!
Never mind...I got it.  THanks.
Did you mean 15 minutes or 15 days?  Pull it out Sapien.
sorry,  tetco is right..  .035  Do I need to change the ticket?
What size are your shoes?
i haven't thought about it yet.  what are you doing
fyi
killing me, it was a joke
Thanks, I'll look it over. Let's meet after the Yak game.
i found foster.  i think that he'll be in.  he is stopping by my house tonight.
Permanently?
6/9 - NY TRANS ID 50711 FOR 2696 MW MISSING IN ENPOWER
do you want  me to allow them to solicit you?  Just say the word.
How easily we forget -
send
Karen,  I was out last week.  Do you still need any help?  Mat
I forgot to ask your sister's name.  We'll look for her resume via fax: 713-646-2147.  Thanks! Georgia
the crown plaza next door
Do you prefer that I take out the added language for future agreements?
You still didn't answer my question.
Did you get the message last night that the banks pulled it out for us?
Help! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Do you have our flight info?
   Revised Slide 7 included in this set.
I have not really been involved in the evaluation, but will be happy to attend.
Louise will be out of the office, do you want to do this?  k
me, me, me..you girls are all the same
Waiting on Arnold and Presto Should have shortly
  Sorry, This is the correct one. Felipe
ok, whose the worst photograper you know
The Monkey:  
we have to open accounts and we're doing that now.  G
I don't get it
Yes, he did call back and is looking into obtaining ESC docs. filed of record in Assumption Parish, La.
you tell me a story.
Hi Ben,  It would be great if you could expedite the invoices.  Thanks,  Kay
i don't know.  i thought that you were mad at me.
Is this the old enron building or the new one?   Eric Bass
i found a place.  i love it!  it is off of  west main and hazard
Correct rate should be $ 0.095  Sorry.  DL
http://energycommerce.house.gov/107/hearings/10102001Hearing387/Franklin647.htm
hey!  are you here?
   T.Jae Black East Power Trading Assistant to Kevin Presto off. 713-853-5800 fax 713-646-8272 cell 713-539-4760
Thank God! LSU/MSU 8 PM on ESPN2 http://www.lsusports.net/
Lindy - Do you know the answers to Ramona's ?s or should we call SoCal to discuss?
you bet - i will pick you up friday morning . Is 6:15 ok?
Done.  See if it works now.  KK
Brad, if you have a few minutes to get away for lunch, let me know.  -- Davis Thames
Hi Vince,   Were you expecting the news that came out on  Devon?   Steve
I will be available.  Should I coordinate with Janet Dietrich.
good thing you're rich!!!
Are you going to that lame ass orientation today at the Houstonian?
nothing
whats your extension
Here's my little family!
Karen,  I would be happy to attend lunch on Thursday.  Thanks.  Mat
So much for being bullish.
Do you want to go to Mandola's for hamburgers?
Do you have Mike's new address? ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~ Karen   ~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
no-just a real man
Miss Tana --- How soon will this be processed?   Thanks, Griff
Gwyn,  It's very thoughtful of you but you should go ahead and continue the lessons.  Vince
Name the movie.
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
  here you go
Boo
Any word on the UBS contract yet?  Jai Hawker Peters & Co. Limited (403) 261-2259
Who is comming in on thur -- Sent By Mark Muller
YES  Is this your e-mail address.
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy. Thanks!  lisa
everyone,  who is down there
   Rosemary Gracey Marketing - 402/398-7431 rosemary.gracey@enron.com
up or down what
Is that a threat or a promise?
thanks.
You definitely don't have room inder the TG headcount. Who are the people and what do they do?
FYI.  Figured you'd want to write a letter personally.  Jeff
Enjoy!!  You can probably tell bt the name of the website that you should proceed with caution!
How are things?  Did not see you out walking.  I was pretty busy over the weekend myself.
yes you would.
going to the game?
Any news?  Have I made it up from 3rd reserve yet?  Hang in there..  B.
4:30ish??
May I join you now?
ok I will tell him you said you are too busy
Nu che, Len, ti segodnia pridesh'?
Stan  I haven't heard from the fellow from El Paso
Vladi,  Once again sorry for the delay.  Here is the curve.  Thanks.  John   
Providers  FYI
here are the settles, thanks.  John   
Chris - if we are sending money on Thursday we need to get the wire request to Doug today.
These are ready for pick up at the receptionist desk on the 16th floor of the Enron North.  Ginger
youre not going anywhere
Yes, that sounds great!!
wanna get a smoothie with me by the playground with me after school?
Can you have Chris add you to this list?   Thanks
i am going home.  i have to.  if i wasn't going to dallas i would go.  sorry
Does this email irritate you -or am I being sensitive?  careful how you answer!
so
no, you are wearing a skirt, like me!
hmm, I pick wine.
we are looking into it - will also find out the P&L on it
kisses and hugs you moron! haha
maybe - call me when you're leaving. i'm actually working!
Please submit..   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
this is the report I was referring yesterday.
Access has been granted to the users listed.
Dutch,  Here's the quote sheet starting in August.   Thanks,  Charlie   
me thinks so
Importance:	High Sensitivity:	Confidential  Are there any charges to ETS, EREC, PGG,PGE, EOTT?
2002 Jeep Grand Cherokee  - Silver  (the silver bullet)
Importance:	High  Rick --  How about sitting down on Wednesday am (say 10 am) to do this?  Jim
Jim -  	Do you have any objection to Paulette moving with Elizabeth?
Waiting for a phone call from Centana. Might have to put the gloves on.
here is McMahon's email with the attached file  Kent
Because there is traffic.  I am walking in now. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
full day today because of aga  yea, going home to the Big D
I meant to include you on this email.  EDD
Put this in a safe place!
did you get your doc?  have you sent it back to houston yet?  they haven't seen it.
perfect, are you working with me
sounds good to me
Harris
bad day
Importance: High   What are the units. I want per mmbtu -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
You can reach Barry at the Westin Regina Resort at (998) 848-7400 in room 1907.
Tara,  What's your phone ext.?
now?
I'm going.   R.
I meant in general, is there anyone you coordinate with if you have any questions on Nymex.  paul
Alan who?  You mean Aleck?  Nope.  No sense at all.  He is a great guy.
what are you doing?
Just to clarify - 821869 is the affected deal.  872869 is a Conoco deal.
Any updates or new docs?
what s your number
Gentlemen, Can you guys possibly meet next Monday at around 2:00?  Ryan Hinze Enron Compression Services (713)-345-8358
Could I get a copy of the Midland Cogeneration Venture Limited Partnership termination letter?  Thanks,  Kay
paul  could you try and look for this - probably done in 97/98?  thanks  justin
leaving right now for beers @ lil woodrows
I think they would like to run it as soon as they hear back from me; i.e., this afternoon.
John- Have you had the chance to speak to Louise about individuals trading on EOL?
Stock price? -- Rick S.
test
ha!ha! aren't you funny. looking.
at least I called
Any progress on this?
I am I meant at 3:45
Here you go Paul..   
not really how about you
ok i was trying to be nice telling you to be calm and this is what i get
Susan, Which application? Kevin presently has access to all 4
<< Message: Mike Wong >>
$6.7MM is not enough?  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
Sold!   Derek
3 Year 4.72 5 Year 4.81  Cheers..
ya think?
are you anti-MSN..because that one works pretty consistently
No, and no.  Jeff
I asked you first.  Are you going to be without your car all week?  That is a bummer.
I was thinking about that this morning on my way in.  You look really nice today!
Cathy,  Can you verify that it is okay to use this account? Sheila

no, not dirty. i was asking you if you were busy.   thats all.
Everything is getting lost!  I did my drug test last Friday.  ds
Do you want the package insured
Kim -  Tomorrow morning after 9:30 is OK for me.   JRW
so just ask fred, the worst thing that happens is he says no
Elliot,  There was nothing attached.
haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well (AOL, MSN, Yahoo!...take your pick)
just more crap w/sarah
You can count on me for $100,  but NOOO SHOPPING!
Did you watch Ally last night?
Happy anniversary.  I love you, Clint
I don't see where we are in the loop below.  Who will ultimately approve cash on these things?
Pls call Steve.  Jim
Whom is the trader on these deals?
ok, which one do I change it to?  233.39 or 231?
That is perfect, Jeff, thanks so much! Catherine
Yes! Believe me, I can't wait!
sure 15664 kathy
gb -4 under 46.5 gb -4 over 34.5 wash +16 over 34.5 wasg +16 under 46.5  all 50
Still here.  Pretty quiet on the floor though.  How hard did your area get hit?
   Chris Choate Enron Networks (713) 853-7370
how long are you comfortable keeping these prices open?
NOTHING..WHAT IS YOUR IM??? THIS IS WACK
he he i am so funny!  and you are still a big jerk!  who all is up there?
you look so handsome today
don't sweat it, we need the exercise
I'll set you a place, i'm cheffing and I've got a "kiss the cook" apron
what are you looking for specifically?
Could you have Laura look at it?
They are all good.
We had one gas deal tonight that had not moved. I moved it to a Alberta ENA book.  John
Assume Harry Arora will help us out.
nothing i just wanted to get out of here for a minute
is that a yes
Importance: High   Kim:  Are you aware of what's going on here.   C
Attached are draft agreements for both entities.   
4:30 baby
Will this still work?  I'm not even sure what EOL is broadcasting on rvd do you know?
Do we have actually have a deal?
not my job

i was just playing.  so do you remember what you babbled to me on friday?
Larry...I don't have a phone near by, could you log on to messenger?
Can you get me the specifics on this contract (dates and volumes and delivery points)  Thanks, Theresa
not yet.  will send another email to check on status.  I'll keep you posted.
Is she full time?
john carney, if he's gone, vinateri. i put it in your folder yesterday
so whereare we going
so my videos should be arriving today.  oh and i did make fun of your shirt earlier.
im an italian from new jersey, of course i can make them disappear, dont you watch the sopronos
FYI.   I will review weekly and highlight any items of interest in our weekly update meeting.
Would you please e-mail me the Mojave indexes for Nov, Dec, Jan, and Feb  thanks
i am gonna drink like a kennedy
Hi Phillip,  simtrader7 now has the access you requested.  thanks!  -jay
sorry that conversation was depressing me
Thank you.  Here are the NT id's.  
good is he a vp or a director?
Is the .02 commodity inclusive of ACA?
Do you know what CIF stands for? It's a transportation term..
is your im user id beckyoung17 ??
I'm on ljmenron (guess I should change it)
Importance:	High  Is John Grass the "wellhead" book?  Frank
im only teasing, i was too nice on friday so i have to even out
Please add to my calendar
Saturday, June 9 through Wednesday, June 13.
yep what are you doing
Do you know anyone at Cook Inlet?  My analyst is looking for work on west coast
Can she go toe-to-toe with the likes of Presto and Arnold?
Steve - I believe we  have everyone available for 2:30.  Is that OK vs. 3:00?  Mike
http://www.eteamz.com/oakcreekcudas/  Tom,  Do you like these colors better?   Lyne
John, does this work for you?  Thanks, Nella
here is the only copy of McMahon's email that I have  Kent
Thanks.  Right now I know of no available opportunities but will keep you in mind.
yes sweetie.  i'll get to see you  ; - )
pay for both of us or just me?
ok.  i checked with a few others that i send the report to and they didn't have any problems.
if we leave at 5 i can take you.  is that cool?
Here it is: 507086.
what is the time line for having these deals killed.  let me know.  thanks  bob
http://www.exed.hbs.edu/programs/cs/index.html
why
This premium is fixed for the term and cannot be terminated
Importance:	High  Please see below.
you (and Matt) going to dallas this week?
Bob Hillier.
Has to be on the top of the list of funny stuff
How about:  May, 22, 23, 24, 29 or 30th?  S
you're cute
They signed their weather exclusive with someone else so me missed it.
Ya, I talked to him he said he would email you.
or room service
Toby, FYI Ramona
Can you do mine?
Count me in...where is it.  Oh yeah, my bitch (ken) is coming too.  -Dan
Not much this week.
Let me know when you're leaving today
so, it's going to be cold in new york next week.
Don't you owe my about $20 from the Costco membership, biiiaatch.
turn on your instant messenger
Hush -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
you werent exactly innocent
Thought you might find this funny.

Leaving for airport - can we talk in am???  Jim
your very funny
Sure.  Just e-mail or call me when you are ready.
theres no mafia in texas
ok then you are lying
Thank you Kay.  I appreciate the note.
Kim,  I am sitting on the West desk on 32.  Chris
Importance:	High  on phone with DWR trying to get a meeting for Tycholiz.  will get on phone pronto.
isn't that being too nice?  so i am freaking out about my job again.
get some rest this weekend.  Regards, - R
I've bought 5800 contracts non pv'd.  I think Zufferli has bought 3000 non pv'd..
Who is your contact in Liquids?  Stacey
thanks for the thoughts.  amazing the damage a few people can do to a pretty darned good franchise.
whatever, i know you were kidding, so was i.
i doubt it - he usually shops in town for his
Any answer to the question below?
what does running have to do with going out?
  i'm having the prints made. they will be on 11x17 in color  100 of them. maria 5.1790
why would i want it if it's crap?
Too bad I can't be there.  I have a staff meeting to run.
FYI...JR
Here it is, Vince. I'll put it in Word too.  Ed
Will do.  When do you need?
ny was good, you are ready to move where? i didnt not want to talk to you
Plan of Reorganization.
Your on, just use your NT log on password
you working out with dean today?
Laura,  Do you have a pre made map to get to the Enron building with directions ?  Dutch
<x-flowed>  </x-flowed>
How about 11?
you dont have to be nasty
no silly, hot chocolate because it is going to be cold outside.  well and in here.
Whatever. Let me look at them.
i'm glad to hear that things with sarah will work out perfectly.  that's good for you.
so am i allowed down there
i was listening to a message and went to wash my hands and dropped it in the sink
The patented move is starting to pay. This just in. Skilling resigns for personal reasons. Wow!  cd
FYI
i am hopefully leaving around 3.  i have to go to my house and get my baby..my dog
I FIGURED
im only kidding, that was cute
big plans tonight?
um yeh - - me too,  can i fit in your suitcase??
going to the game?
im ready
yep, around 12:30
-- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
what is ramiro's last name?
did you hear about cliff baxter? James Coney Island at 11:30, so swing up at 11.  Scott
why sleet hurts
All, Deal Scheduling has been moved to stage and is available for testing.  Thanks, Karen 713.345.7810
not sure if this got done yesterday by Francis and Sanjeev.  Can you let me know.  Thanks. PL
Thanks again.  Russell
I will get them done today.
bueno, thanks.  let me know when you want to get some beers - hdt
i can't wait to hear those.
what are you talking about?
How are you doing today?
things are well, slowly ramping it up and gegtting back into it
that depends
are you going to be around friday?
any substance to their argument or just their beliefs.
I will too
WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT US!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
hmmm.  i thought that i was very nice.
just kidding
sounds good - let me know the location
yes goofball, i just sat down.
Yep.. I was thinking $41 and I sell
Here is a draft of an extremely simple termination letter.   
I am referring to the userid you use when you log on the system each morning.  Thanks, RY
fysicalll (sp?), weapon y???  what are yall talking about, stop confusing me!!
Any flexibility to move it up to November 1?   If there's no flexibility, that's fine.
You know what? I'm happy to go as well.
one favor...please type Annex I on the bottom of the 1st page and retransmit to me..many,many thanksbng
dont try and be like me
No they did not make our changes.  AES is requesting a contract.
Well, it looks like Loretta isn't as smart as she thinks she is..
you like?
maybe
I will get John to sign it then.  Thanks
You're kidding, right?  Edison's at about 14.50.
maybe I like trouble
Can you guys go around and contact these customers to logoff tonight to get the new CQG.  Thanks, Clay
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
I did and she did.
No problem - I have a 9:00 mtg. but will reprice right after that.  Thanks, Kelli
Kevin -   I am going to tell Joe to drop this issue.  RH
lavo +2000 net 6520
i can't go.  i'll walk out with you though.
I changed my mind. Let them come back to us before i do another worksheet.  -d
We received a wire payment from Dynegy Gas Transportation on 10/5/01. They are clear now.  Thanks,
FT Intra Ont - I told my book admin to be looking for it
It is finished,  I just need an attorney to review it.  It should be ready in the morning.
we can still find a way to have fun
Will you incorporate the provisions of the document that Brenda forwarded?  Kay
Thanks.  Please send the attachment.
thanks.. do we have early close today? are you going home for thanksgiving?
Tony ? at 713-6276215
I am not sure these are right for my experience.  I have not ever traded power.
What's it for?  When are you planning on submitting the cash request to the committee?
Karla,  Have you received these confirms yet?  Please let me know.  thanks,  Kim
Bean,  Did you guys get another car yet? I am selling mine cheap before I move.   Dorland
What else are you going to bring me?  :)
I am here!!
you are mean!  aren't you supposed to be nice to me at least part of today?
Nice ring on the cell phone.
You still interested in meeting with Edison's CFO?
we'll see about that
nice.  i just dropped my whole glass of water on me!
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
test
walk me out?  i'll give you a big wet kiss
713 365 9035 home 713 853 4723 work 713 503 3466 cell
Scott,  How could I have forgotten you?  Liz
FYI
6 blocks up, 6 blocks over,
11:30?
I think you should answer this one!  sjs
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron.
...knows. Eric didn't tell him. Did you mention it to him?  J
Attached is an updated Interstate Pipeline Capacity to California Report with changes and additions highlighted.  gh   
Here it is..   
they are all worth it, every penny. keep in touch let me know how things are going
check out this site www.christiancouns.org/index2.html  I am sorry...I don't know what to do.  I am so sorry.
so that kind of ruins my plans for today
Please confirm one pc and two (2) screens or 1 pc and three (3) screens?  Thanks!
you probably need to attend this.  Any thoughts, Doug
I figured you would like it!
sorry, not feeling too sexy right now
Yes
I know you were.  bmg
Thank you---I'll look for this change to come across.
WHAT??
Michael has his holiday performance.  Thanks for asking. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Please prepare a regular master firm for this.  It is  not an ENA Canada border points deal.
Why do you think I am out of the office on Tuesday??
whats your number
Lynnette		310-789-2317
Any day this week after 2:00pm works for me.  Just let me know.  I am located at 06466
look at this card sheetal send me.  it is so funny!
Drallion show is Feb 7 (thursday) I will give you your tix on Sunday
Thanks,   Any interest in Todd Neugebauer the Originator with EBS London?   Todd Peikert
Necessary items for the baby are down below with blue web links.
15 min door to door max. That doesn't include bringing me brkfst
like me
go to programs, system utility apps, and then msn messenger.
I know, that's why I said that.  You did a good job!!!
where is the rest of the file?
Michael, To try and conclude our financing I ask that you provide a response as quickly as possible. Kelly
about time you got it in
test
Hello:  What about Thu the following week? I am going to Baylor on the 15th.  Vince
good.
whatever, you're the perverted old man.
no fear---lets just hope my liver can take it after fri and sat night
This is a test.  Thanks, Janette Oquendo Enron Global Messaging
they guy that wrote the application Crystal Ball will teach my class tomorrow.  have you used it?
Yes.
well a little is good
Anything new on this?
no - I never heard back

Hey - -did you meet this guy?!
Is this an individual?
what's up?
i dont realy think so but what do i know, by the way its a really ugly day out there
I thought I could answer this question.  Can you provide more clarity?  Chris
I am and I hear that little woodrow's is having some kind of a party.  ckl
Doug,  money! yes?
so up or down
we made a couple changes.  thanks  bob
Could you look into this - thanks.
:) i cna't be calm.  it's just not possible sir.
Kim,  You can use John Arnold's office this afternoon.
Not at all...I just now got my offer letter...FINALLY.  What about you? Anything exciting?
its a good one...  
i am?  so i am freaking out about enron again.
youre killing me
Are you having our copy walked up to me?
I sure will Queen Dana!!!
I am working a little late as well.
Go with Ina
for how long?
how much do you want to bet?
Yes.  I need a new keyboard.  Thanks, Mike
I have a meeting tomorrow from 10:30-11:30.  I do not have anything else until 2:00.  Stacey
is it? 2.389 was the april contract settle yesterday.
are you thawed
done.
That one with the pretty tassles..
The Yahoo piece didn't say when.  I'm on the phone.  Whatcha doing?  Kay
: ( Heather Kroll
Thank you, Randy.  Kim.
please do, it will save sarah the trouble of hiring someone
Document attached  - 1AMD93RS Oct2001b.DOC 
i dont really know what he is going to do, i thought i was always the big cheese
Thank You.  What is PBI??
Both for all of Dec and or any day that has discrepancy. Thanks!  lisa
does this mean the system was keeping track of my unofficial vacation?
alright, i guess i'll have to let you see it just so i can prove i am not lying.
dinking, i will meet you around 2:30
Rod Hayslett EB4054 713-853-6178
how bout this one.
i can't sing.  that was a joke.
Mine has leather, limited slip differential and special window tinting that reflects heat. Plus no tax.
oh, oh and the makeup and wig too!

on the fourth floor
I was making a joke that your friend sees you every month
whatever you say.
HAPPY Halloween to you and your family lv AUDO
well since we cant i think im going to take off, have a good weekend
I can't find her phone number, but just email her and shell call you back.  Thanks Df

http://www.pge.com/customer_services/business/tariffs/pxdy0011.html
yes, why wouldn't we be?  how is your new desk?
His name is Sean Steele.  I'll have his number pronto.
Savita,  The Arnold report has been reviewed and it looks good.  Thanks  TARA
Then I guess I should trust you
Are you still having yours?
I suggest someone from Enron definitely attend.
fyi
Misc. Gas Daily is now 9395.. NOT 9387
i am figurin gout how you really are!  i'm smart that way.  i don't like you today!
whatever
hey what does your middle initial  H stand for
That is Presto's.
Can you figure something out for these guys?  Thanks
Elliot,  When would you like to contact Patagonia?
we have a meeting at 1030.  i'll see you at the bar tonight!  :)
current 185  200 over 37 dallas/wash
I need a lot of help with the "Magic Cube!"
I found it. Economics are -$565,067
you mean:  "Ruggles ENEGY Field" (Enron + Dynegy)   ckl
hi!
good, you went shopping
Hi honey- we moved so am unpacking at new location have a great day love  kq
How about Wednesday?  Kim.

Do you want it to include index positions?  It doesn't now, but it can...
why would you want to do that?  how is that looking out for me?
I'm sorry, could you also figure out and include premium owed to me
Sara,  I need to report time.  Were you out in the last two weeks?  Becky
713-646-3490
i told you, i'm not getting you a xmas present anymore.
Don't forget.
fyi
Teb, click on below.  http://www.wfeca.net/
i told you, i'm not getting you a xmas present anymore.
has this been assigned   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Legal 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron 713-853-7658 713-646-3490 Fax
Yeah, general catch up - no big deal.  We can do it anytime.  RH
Teb,  Are you available for thi conf. call?  Denise
send me your resume.
I think I have sent this to you, please give me an update.
yes
My pleasure.  Reading all that should keep you busy for awhile!
getting launched this friday
what is it exactly you need help with...maybe i can answer your questions via email.
ok so let me know what time i need to be at the airport.
That new CP name is not in Sitara.  Who can I call about it?  Thanks.  DG
no dummy its next week, maybe we can see the tree in rockefeller center, im really psyched
i hope that you are right.
sounds good
4025 bid on 64243147 volume 4035 bid on 30310857 volume 408 offer on 33395444 volume
Sorry it took me so long to respond.  We has a staff meeting that I just got back from.
yeah right
you are not going to let it go are you?
who all got promoted on your desk?
We should hook it up at bells for some coffee and sundry items...
What is the latest on this?  Stacey
FYI.
5-3-2 +255 - 120 = 135 your way
Can you send me an example?  Stacey
Mark, let's discuss letter to BP prior to it going out this a.m.  BT
Can you please write a script to delete these records.  Thanks Sundar
Will sending these materials be charged to my cost center?
What is the symbol on Rio Alto?
he'll be sitting with and reporting to me
Who drafted this agreement?
not sure, meet you in the lobby?
bye
not a problem.  i am not cheap.
ok ,let me know where and when
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
What are we going to do next week?
we will have to work on that in the future
Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk.  Thanks.  DG
nope sorry
That picture is going to occupy most of my day.
You got paid for your airline tickets, but not the $100.oo change fee.
Yes, I have done that (where is #2.?  -  was it deleted on purpose?)
Bill The information you were looking for. Dan
What were you saying to me?  Was is dirty?  I hope so.
What does Standstill Financial Assurance Amount mean?
We still on for tomorrow? What's the plan?  Brad
when?
Oh, this will be good!
Who wants a spanking?  __ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
YOU ARE A BRAT!!
thanks
be in a good mood!!!  please!  i bet you have a good weekend.
I don't think that is a good idea.
The pmt won't be till next month though right?
does this start in dec and could you please take the volumes out throught the whole term.
The Delivery Point: ELPASO/BON NYMEX Ref: NX1 Delivery: IF-EPSJ(BONDAD)
in the galleria?  I need to pick up a dress at saks.  when are you going?
your dumb...i mean done
THEIR 4-1.
Have we received executed confirms from Reliant and/or Bank of Montreal for the ring trades?  Leslie
maryland, virginia...wherever.  so why didn't you talk to me?
that's not acceptable.  come play now.  ok so where can laura and i go?
__ Sent via the EV1 webmail system at mail.ev1.net
Well it sure has been nice talking to you.
yep just got in
it's on tonight
Well, hang in there. We are all thinking about you. Wish you could come home. Talk to you soon.
hi
Any news? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Check out Steve Swain's response to my email to him!
ene and ng...wow
nope
jerk
bye.  laura and i are going to work out.
The answer is yes. Money was received Friday and Doug should be getting approval to send the other out today.
tonight i'm taking k for dinner (her birthday) - beers beforehand might be frowned on.  how about friday afternoon?
come back to work?
whats up baby
where at?
bored, would you like to come to work with me
I didn't know there was a bar upstairs too
Steve  I still haven't received an explanation.  Ken
I assume this is ok, let me know otherwise.
no, i'm frozen again.  i need a heater.  what are you doing?
I'm going.   R.
FYI -
Have any comments?
Xavier, what group are you in?
i hate you!
but here is where we got to.   
ok
maybe. why?
Do you have Phil Levy's telephone # ?
i don't think that i can go.  maybe next week.
My management book is going to take this $1.45 million hit
Cancel me for the pm session on 3/7 as I now have another conflict. thanks Kevin Hyatt
deep six?
darn
Can you please handle this for Chris.  Thanks.
http://livelinkeu.corp.enron.com/LiveLink/LiveLink.exe/81410046.pdf?func=doc.Fetch&nodeId=318129&docTitle=81410046%2Epdf&vernum=1  I think this is it P
794237  thanks
I'll meet you in the bar when I get out of here
If I needed to get someone access to download curves, what security do I need to request?  Dave
Chris, can you call Pam McCullers and get Pete's mailing address?
Wasn't questioning the chica's, like the term, thinking out loud as to any available on the scene for the kid..
I changed my mind. Let them come back to us before i do another worksheet.  -d
i am in, we had a great time.
thanks for contacting him.  you are tops. ep
was there suppossed to be an attachment to this?  i didn't get it if there was.
Sorry about that.  Here you go.  
Herro?
Where did she get this information?  Is it a below the line adjustment (not in the DPR)?  Stacey
No appology needed my friend!
nice analogy but i will win this bet so start thinking about where you're taking me.
Looks like we all can't go to the WEI party, see comments below
and mean..i forgot that one!
http://finance.yahoo.com/q?s=IPIX&d=c&k=c4&t=5d Daniel D. Lisk Enron North America   

Jeff, Give me a buzz if you can ... Alan 503-464-8129
is your net send working ?  mine is not
wow...how did our guys do?
we should get together beforehand to talk. when would you be available? 15 min should do it.
done
Here it is.  
done
CHANGE YOUR FONT, ITS FAGGIE
Is the level for Presto/Belden still too low? What about 500,000 or 1 million?  Thoughts?  Bern
do you and brad have a minute to sit down today?
Is anybody up for some drinks after work?
ugh
I never knew your fantasies...
How about 11:30 downstairs - Jane is coming!
i'll conference you in.  we don't have a call-in number.  what number should i call?
ok we will do it another time
Thanks. Are you at your desk?
promise
I thought you might want to review this too :)
where are you?
For your review.   Thanks!
Guess we are not going to Chad's  then.
whatever, i did not flip out.  i remember everything.  stop fighting with me.
I am sorry I am in my own little world, lot of work to do.  Sorry sexy.
Attached is justification for retaining Jeanette Doll as contract.  	 
well so did i and i told him that, but he refused so whatever
simple answer
i dont know yet, did you drive today
Jan is on the list..
** Proprietary **  Oh-- so now your a 'Distinguished' speaker.  Look forward to your talk. Chuck
if they are not confirming this deal are they confirming 1034254?
Dec 19 marks for small volume  - Book2.xls 
Could you kindly provide me with your revisions, if any, as soon as possible.  Thanks, Nella
i hate UBS systems , im down again
Zuf:  Howdy!  I hope all is well.  What is your fax# @ work?  Brother Smith
oh so you are talking to me now?
I have removed the pricing from that ticket.
Mike-  Need to speak about meeting tomorrow night. Call me.  Alex cell - 917-699-2744
Can both of you do it at 10:00 am on Tuesday?
Here are the settles.  Thanks.  John   
Are there any cash issues surrounding this?  If so, who is going to handle?
By the end of the week, our share price may be lower than Edison's.
Sensitivity:	Confidential  That's correct
Can you please provide info to Sally.  thanks  bob
Are you watching Kinder Morgan stock this morning?  Wonder what's going on.  Bob
Importance: High  >  <<prepayltr1 signed.doc>>  Stewart--The letter is attached. >  >  >  			Al Paschke
Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Legal 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron 713-853-7658 713-646-3490 Fax
maybe after the game.
I'm kinda curious
12-2 and 3on
Could you please add me to this distribution list for any issues regarding the DPR?   Thanks
I believe Tim has your agreement.  Julie Kearney ENA Human Resources 503) 464-7404  julie.kearney@enron.com
Anybody up for happy hour after work?  I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5.  Let me know
nobody told you, dont lie
Happy Birthday !  Hope you had a nice weekend  P
Kimberely, please let me know what date and time are good for you.   Thanks Kim
If you haven't paid your dues by Sunday you will begin to forfeit.  Total dues are $140.
Why?  What's wrong? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Thanks I will save them.  :) Heather
John,  Do you want to take your refrigerator to the new building for your office?  Ina
P00503778.  Have a great day - Hope you got some rest!
FYI.  You may want to send out to RTO team.  Jim
Did you catch the subject line?  I'll need to be pre-medicated for this meeting...Jeff
Yeah, well try http:// www.enronoffline.com <http://www.enronoffline.com>   (that's Offline)
Please forward me the version w/ Keoni's comments.
why thank you , you do as well
FYI - TW Imbalances...
i hate you
you are in trouble
See, it's cold enough for hot chocolate!  Yummy! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Fantastic commitment from RAC on this list!
i don't think that i am liking you too much today.
wed after work  what's in it for us?
HEY WHAT UP DANA.
Vinio,  Thanks for the information and the prompt response.  Richard
I aint making any payments until we get the official okeydokey.
just going home, you?
Holden, let me know if you want to sign up for this fantastic opportunity.
How about Monday?
would you like me to participate?
Will you or anyone in your group attend.
You love the Cheyene Hub!
damn fred
Chris:  Has Harbor been paid for Oct.?  C
.
Are they working on it?
Start taking a look at this.  Jim
not your fault
Melissa's mom will be coming, so we will be sticking around Hous.
If you could just forward me the numbers for the latest additions, that would be great.  Thanks Howard
shut up, stop lying.  i don't believe you at all.
no-just a real man
given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?"
what is it looking like tomorrow? MW
you started it, sorry
FYI:
went this morning - did you go?
Did I follow up with you verbally on this?  K.
Yeah- you're not funny!
ok let me think about what it said.
You have to catch him by the pool.
Nathan,  Can you describe where Encore compression is located?
Tracy, 	Did you want to expense these costs in Eric Gadd's cc? 	Mary
whatever you say
i just thought that it might be better no not talk for a while, sorry, how were your holidays
Please make changes to hot list and send them back to me asap! thanks, Mara   
Are we all through with the update back process?  Mary needs some confirmation.
i promise she does.  she said that she had to have a report to louise by the 7th
why?
FYI
This morning.  If I don't give you a call by 11:30, call me.
Opps, I have my gyn appt on Wed at 2:40 and 3:30.  Can we meet with him on Tues?
Thanks Amy- Monday Feb 4th  Craig
then where?
Yes, I already have a call into her.
really
we need to check out the dark covered parking lot across from where we were today... what do you think.
I didnt say anything bad, actually it was a compliment
No problem - Jonathan & I are working on it right now.
i dont know everybody else is, except becky

Elliot,   I cannot access the folder "Portland".
got it, thanks.
Yes.  Save the welcome back for Sunday.  Today is when HE split (right, Father?).
  Peter Chen Credit Specialist EOTT Energy Corp. (713) 993-5223 - ph (713) 402-2887 - fx
Thanks.  I can use the money tonight!
Please let me know who you would like to interview Darrin, and when.  Thanks!  -Grace
YA HEARING ANYTHING ON THIS  GEORGE DOWN--CRUDE FLOOR EVACUATED AND BROUGHT BACK
Sounds like you were the one blowing it off.
Ava, what about Florida?  Thanks. Lynn
at the met?  yes until the body shop opens
Stacy,  Have you had a chance to go over this one yet??  Chris
I'm available.
Dutch,  Attached you will find the NYMEX volumes for the Andex VPP.  Santiago   
Tana -  Sorry, but I have no clue what that is all about.   JRW
how about getting together monday at 2 pm to discuss the juniper transition?  let me know.
Can you help me with this information?  Thanks Tjae
Are you ready to go?
Where you be at
Can I get that PRC list from you when its on one page.
ok, but please don't talk to me.
Hey, I normally talk bad about you but lately I've been bragging because of your good notes on Ponderosa Pines.
walk me out?  i'll give you a big wet kiss
you don't need to include yourself in it..
I assume you've heard.
fyi

Rika, My user name is jbuss.   Thanks, JD Buss
Chris, We do not have a copy on any of the following contracts.
ok. Can you articulate this to SK and PB.
you tell me, my schedule is pretty open
huh?
thanks  are we keeping a log of these as we send them out -- Bob
i know, you have a big mouth
Who wants to volunteer someone for morning reporting??  Bilianna will be through with it in mid-December.
i cant because i need eol to beep when it trades
i don't know.  why?
If the amendments are not executed, do you still want them?
Is this something you would handle?  It is not from my group.
Could you please forward her email?  Caroline told me it was about rent - EPSC. Nancy
The Portland office has advised me that they do not sell gas to DWR either.
Apologies, Message sent in error, please do not reply.  Geoff Baines
Please log on to this web site http://eapps.enron.com/login.asp  Thanks, Vish x 53209
the best kind
Regards, Bill x53492
Please set him up to get the TW critical notices.  ds
Cough it up!
socal injected 101,000 yesterday.  let me know if you need anything else.
Gentlemen, attached are the recent Enron Americas Management Summary Reports and Hot List for your review.  Regards, Nella
Kim:  Do you want to take a stab at the revision for this deal?  Sara   
im glad to hear that, so are you going to be doing the same thing
what about hull?
i am on-line- say hi to jj for me
i told you i was a big jerk, im sorry, So houses are very expensive in the ny area
Vince:  Are you available to talk about it tomorrow (Tuesday)?  Marilyn
im back, i feel much better
any interest in catching the us soccer game tonight?  me thinks it starts at 9
No.  Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner.  We haven't done much on Arizona lately.  Jim
We are supposed to be in the new building next week.
I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.
good, glad you're excited.  don't forget to bring some fun stuff for us.
am not
let's do it at my place.  is pauline's, salad and wine in order?
Importance:	High  Martin is correct please see below for correct version   Thanks,  Sean
5 day or 7 day for hub cash
Today at 2:00 is fine for me.  Jerry
We will reschedule this meeting for next week.  Sorry for the late notice.
i looked really pretty the next day.  my dad told me that i looked sick.  whatever
thanks!
Do you have any smokes?
price was at GDA for nonbondad Jane please advise on the below deal. Thanks. SPR
re-fax HSA info with new receipts.  Call to  verify receipt and check re glasses
Jim - Iam not sure if this made it to yuo or not. SM
Not around 12:30 then?
you're done.  hey stupid-you owe me some wine or a dinner or something fun
the most up-to-date, informative site available ;)
BIG BRAT!!
If so, what time?
I'd like to talk to you if you're still here.
yeah, i was thinking somewhere like mcdonald's.  that may be too nice though.  what do you think?
Another work of art lost in the world!  Calgary didn't make a copy..
are what there??  smiles
Vince,  Thanks for the extension.  Rakesh
I can also provide you with my sister's contact info if you need it.
FYI
lets go buy another but I get to pick
already got them slacker.
i am staying also but john is not
Thanks for the information, Rebecca. Have a good weekend. Vinio
Mike Miller - LJM Strong relationship, asset and finance capabilities  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
yea right.  on what?  corporate marketing?   ha,ha,ha
Could you tell me where you are getting the retail west numbers from.  John
tenn+3 200
no she isnt going til the 17th
HELLO!!!
I am testing your e-mail address.  Please reply upon receipt.   Bridgett Moore Resolution Center
Thursday and Friday (11/27 & 11/28) are both holidays.  Please make the appropriate changes.  Errol
Do you have anyone from Accounting?   Saunders?
fyi...
I'm back and I'm gong.  My MSN doesn't work.  What time should I come to your desk?
Will you call me or should I come over?
um, i dont know
did we have the copy of these agreements that are still valid???
are you being a smart ass or did the picture not come through?
matt-  should start an on-line trading site and call it "ice"  ckl
I forwarded them our comments and characterized them as being supportive.
Barry,  Are you available next Wednesday to have dinner with Louise and John?  Jessica
You go man!
want to play hookie and go to the bb game tomorrow at noon?
Importance:	High
love you!! have a good day honey
no but I still have your stuff do you want to come and get it
Wilson Montjoy will be in our offices, probably starting around 830 or 900.  Any progress?  Kay
no who do you want
Can we talk at 9am your time - lots going on.  Jim
Ok...I am pretty pissed off about having to go, but I don't want to get in trouble for not going.
So, is it true that the underlying new deals do not become effective until the assignments are signed?
nothing.  i said bye.  have a good night
That would be fine. 503-287-0052 or I can come in. Either way works.  Earlier the better for me.
FYI
did you find out what time your dinner was?
You mean 9:30 am! I will come on Wednesday 9:30 am.  thanks, Monika

Brian,  What about the weekend? I am in Atlanta Thursday.  Vince
who is not above 500?
$18.10/share.  don't make me give suggestions.
Wait--was Gail invited and I was not?   -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Pls. review the attached draft and provide me with your comments.  Thanks, Maria   
We'll take care of it.  Welcome back!  Stacey
<http://www.satirewire.com/news/0111/enron.shtml>
what will the success fee look like?  Michelle
Check her out.  http://www.tvguide.com/newsgossip/caught/  Jai Hawker Peters & Co. Limited (403) 261-2259
if he is the wellhead book
Kay,  Please see attached.  Thanks.   
See attached requested data.  
Thanks. Appreciate feedback. If she had to work on one thing what would it be?  David
ask Dave if I can run any errands for him in OR
I didn't save the electronic version, so can you re-send it to me?
Yes for sure.
http://home.corp.enron.com/vr/main.htm
No, but I will check in with the gang.  How are you?

FYI:  Candis did not have her paper written today ... She is falling behind.
Wednesday doesn't work for me.
When is convenient for you?  James
til about 3
I assume you will be responsible for this..please let me know so that we can coordinate.
I am doing same... PS. What is the name of your contact at TD Waterhouse. I signed up online.
Is Barry Pearce in the list?  See below for alterations
Any officer can sign for Enron -- generally speaking, we like to have the BU head sign.  Michelle
Please forward all necessary data and models per the netco agreement -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
yep, what time
Trying to send this again, because the original message bounced back to me.
are you trying to confuse my customer?
I want them
Importance: High
come down whenever, we can find something to show you. PL
ok
coffee?
you just don't quit do you?
nope
Where's Bruce?  He didn't make any pickups and his whole team is off this week.
Somebody around here must know what they are for.  Our counterparts at OXY wouldn't likely know.   Margaret
Thanks!  lisa
you didnt bring it up for no reason
ok, i think im going to take off in a minute, i will talk to you tomorrow
John, Please let me know what time to come up this afternoon.  Thanks-Jeb x-5-3609
I thought we had to go?
3-5
When does a new RISI pulp forecast come out?  I have forgotten. Thanks. Natalie
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
Please help with below.
freak

I thought you said he got fired??
poor ypu
I can't get any more than this...   
Men...this is a classic. My favorite is #20...
how is wanting hot chocolate being cute?  i can't win!!
Isn't she a peach?
you are no fun at all!
Well, have you been taken care of??  DG
it will be the funnest weekend of the year.  i'll send the bat back with pictures
I need to know who you are talking to at Merita Bank.
Has he approved the removal of holidays?
Yes.
yadda yadda yadda..
FYI.  Is there any disagreement?
Good news.
What do you think of this?
why?  what happened?  i am feeling sick.  i honestly cannot hear this Enron crap all day long!
Kathy Campos ETS Finance EB4055 713-853-6833
actually forced myself to read last night - trying to get smart
Juan,   Do you still need the maquila info?   Laura
no it's not.  don't be so negative.
Stan  I met with El Paso yesterday.  They seem very interested.  Thanks
please, I am dying here
Okay, for WB, it's about $40 million.   
I will be taking vacation starting Monday and returning February 22nd.
Kev,  Here is everything.  Keep me posted.   - ENRONC~1.DOC 
These reports detail (hopefully) all the interventions, comments, protests we have done since I started doing this.   
actually she wasnt mad at all
What is the date?
What time would be good for you starting at 1:00 pm?  Thank you, Claudia
   Dennis P. Lee ETS Gas Logistics (713) 853-1715 dennis.lee@enron.com
We did get a reply !
Hey, do you mind if I send her an email with all the stuff attached?  You are my hero.
Importance:	High
I recieved during the time I was out of the office. Let him know what you can do.
i think that we are going to go workout and then we can all go somewhere.  is that ok?
You have a appt at 12:00
I can't remember who worked on this.  Did Diane get a copy?
See I am the one looking out for you!  That's not very fair!
early this week i hope
Amy has a big ear!
http://www.click2houston.com/hou/news/stories/news-114261420011231-081253.html
watching him squeal like a pig.
Do you want to bid this for December?
Thinking of you.

I'll tell you later
Sensitivity:	Confidential  Did you happen to sign your employment agreement?
you are a jerk
We had to leave the official severance date at 12/31/01. Sorry.
Can you send mail to Genia?  I did this a.m., but can't anymore! Me
If i worked at your work, would you like me?
yeah...but you know how these guys operate..and mike knows how frustrated you've been here...wants to do anything to help
Fletch:  Is there a legal concern that I'm not aware of?  Maggy
nevermind
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX  77002 Ph:  (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490

what ever ...just pay up,  interest is 100% a day.  MP
734 and we're done
I think we're sneaking out early to get a beer around 3-4.  Wanna come?
Do you still want that Vent (nov-oct) for Vent + .0125?
Lynn,  FYI, Kim.
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
goodbye!!!
not a whole lot!  miss me?
Kim Please let's keep it small for right now. Mansoor
i know what a perfect day, ready

i actually ran yesterday at home.  maybe 3 in a row
?
If you are in need of a companion for an alcohol infusion, I stand ready to oblige.
why is that rude.  it's not by my choice
yeah you cant make it home
Please do not hesitate to contact me with any questions.  Thanks, Jennifer x5-7590   
Please add to contacts
what did you want to tell me
I'll swing by around 4
Coral	Jeff Whitnah	713-767-5374 Relaint	Steve McGinn	713-207-4000
Have a blackberry and cell phone.
Sorry about that.  Here you go.  
Works for me.  Susan
I don't think that Govt Affairs should do anything on this (and not sure if there is anything to do).
Always.  By the way, did you have further thoughts about a call to develop a comprehensive Nevada strategy?
And, how might I get them?  --Lizzette
Monika,  Do you receive this newsletter from the Pulpex?  KC
This is a test, I got a new computer and I am testing it, does it work?
Julie, it looks like a slip of the finger on Roger Hayes vs. Robert Hayes.  FYI, K. :>)
im sorry its actually really busy right now
Yes.  We tried to take the language from one of the NP or SP peak products.
i thought felicity was supposed to be a good girl??
so 3:00
My fault, I didn't see the Wed.  I admit it, I'm worthless.
You're an asshole
Any special requirements i.e. # of reviewers, peers, etc.?
Thanks..is that a reliable grapevine?
There is no fair value.
i am never wrong
i don't take any funny pills.  it comes naturally!  did you age by 10 years over the holidays?
but you will only go if charlie goes?
Gulf 2 - 1424884, 1424920, 1424921, 1424922, 1424928, 1424929  New York - 1425035, 1425036, 1425037, 1425038, 1425039, 1425046, 1425052
Are the units used MMBtu or cubic feet.
whatever, I understand your embarrasment in getting caught
thats sad
i agree, how soon
just wondering - mainly i was wondering if matt smith is a manager now?
Importance:	High  The abbreviation can only be 21 characters long.  Please let me know how to modify it.
i changed my mind,  i think you need to come pick me up.
Chase back office and their restart plan updates individually Thansk -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
huh?
please let me know how it is looking tomorrow when you get a chance.  thanks, MW
I can't buddy... Paul has me doing a bunch of stufff
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
FYI; Jubran has signed the agreements; I think this matter is just about over.
Thanks Cindy.
I found $206 coming to me!!!
as of 1/28  Hunter Shively Geof Storey Andy Lewis Jason Williams
FYI
Agree-i will forward -- Rick S.
I asked you first.  Are you going to be without your car all week?  That is a bummer.
This week is crazy for me, lets try for next week.
seems to me trade guys are getting royally fucked in crude
What about drowning our sorrows on Sat, around 7:00 - 7:30 (at my home)?  Vince
Well, we get all kinds!
Mike Bradley just stopped by my office and asked if I'm ready to move to Canada.
Just the East for April please.
Still waiting for a job offer - I will be unemployed from December 17th.  M
??
Not before you scheduled the meeting.   Only as a result of it.
ooohhh, I'm excited!
Cooper,   Please check for this vulnerability amongst your folks and advise soonest...   Regards,   Todd
this memo was sent to Miranda.  Thanks Ava
you are such a liar
I'll get it at lunch.
did you have a good weekend?  are you going to the body shop today
Bit unfair this - it wasn't all Wheezlet's work - i did the back end..  http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/business/newsid_1684000/1684503.stm
http://moneycentral.msn.com/investor/invsub/ownership/ownership.asp?Symbol=ENE
robin barbie, i dont think so, should be back monday, why?

on yourself?
that's not a good enough reason!  you are worth it for one day!
Thanks for your help!
what do you mean she likes my shirt, are you jealous
check with me on Monday; I have a letter drafted to send to them
9:30 ok? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
i'm bringing them to you, where are you at?
Our game is at 7. Let me know if you're in.
really, then you said a lot on friday.  no more happy hours.
fyi...
I know a few ways!
http://www.policehumor.com/photos/pages/20.html
Are you seeing any effects in the matkets?  RH

run tonight.
You're not old silly!
I had no interaction with her, so can't comment.
I'll take one, just let me know what I need to do.

Thoughts? Comments?
i cant figure out what i meant
What about the Texaco Grand Prix tickets? We can't forget those.
yep, that was nice
Come on. Sign into IM.
Hi Leslie:  What's your fax number?  Thanks.  Jeff
I will get with Glisan to review Corp's allocations.
incredible
Importance:	High
Do you happen to know where I can find Item No. 1 below?
I just called are you at your desk?
yep
john,  could you please send me the report for the week.  thanks  k
i love your dad
Hope this helps.   Dora A. Trevi?o Administrative Assistant II Enron Industrial Markets Ph: (713) 345-7753 Fax: (713) 646-3253
My be speaking too soon, but Nepool is hanging in there today (24,731).
are you?  and what kind of dancing are you good at sir.  guess what i watched last night.
take a look and  make changes   
how
you are supposed to be looking out for me.  you aren't doing a very good job!
Nothing.  What's going on with you?
hey, if i don't see you tonight remind me to tell you something tomorrow.
How about sometime tomorrow - I not going to be able to come by this afternoon.
It is not under Business Application..can't find it.  Judy
Rick, I am changing my mind again on the SGA conference (typical woman) 	Call me.  Lynn (713) 853-7637
Ginger Dernehl Administrative Coordinator Global Government Affairs Phone# 713-853-7751 Fax# 713-646-8160
so are we still talking
and I'm ready to anytime
whatever. i'll call when i'm walking out and i'm sure i'll wait 45 minutes. asshole.
I'll look at now if you need it.
i think that you guys should go talk to somebody
Please call if you have questions (Hotline 3-1803)  Thanks, Tanya   
Please add him to the list.  His manager made a mistake.  Thanks, Mike
Looks good to me.
The source for "Growing Power Generation Markets" pie slide is the Arizona Corporation Commission (this is Arizona's PUC).
i dont suppose you are smoking are you
   Valerie Vela Specialist, Gas Settlements Enron Net Works LLC t: 713.345.8749 f: 713.646.8420
i don't know about that.  i'm a brat!
Just in case you didn't know yet

just you baby
HoustonChronicle.com --   http://www.HoustonChronicle.com | Section: Business
heard it down here from D. Gilbert-Smith...don't know where he heard it.
Hideous isn't it - I'm 9 months pregnant in it.
Ahh..  you have piqued my interest.

maybe
sad story, huh.  no dirt here, just clean living..   later
My wife obviously has to much time.  This is her vote for the team name.
price?
how bout we split the moolah
portland
are you talking about the Griffith sheets?
Here's the Fortune link...  http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=list.jhtml&list_frag=list_5columns_powerwomen.jhtml&list=22&_requestid=3612
where did you get this?  From Roger?  Wanda
Could you send me the format you are using for your resume?  Kay
Sara and Marie, Have I send this to you? Please advise. Thanks. Sheila
I will take you to Carraba's tonight if you like.  100% of sales go to the fund.  PJH
Why?  It better not be about me! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Kathleen: Congratulations. You did a great job protecting and even increasing the value of our IBM position. Howard
Thanks - and thanks for letting my dad ask a few questions.  E
you know that joey is running your book don't you?
groovy, baby. You're a sexy bitch!   what time?  or we talk at home...leave a message..
your silly..your teeth
I have asked Lizzette to look at this for you. Michelle -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Lee Ann, can you please provide an updated storage balance? Thanks.
Lorraine,   Have you received your new computer yet?   Kim.
isn't he darlin'?  - lugnut dude.ppt 
in the lobby of my building at 4:30?
This is great.  Hope the price is still $400.
yes, what time & where?  Jerry Padilla wants to go.
some crap from pappadeaux
i went during lunch.
How's everything going?   Give me a call when you get a chance.
i'm to lazy
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your place?  Brad
How about coming up after lunch tomorrow to wrap up CSN?
ok, call me later.
Can you tell me what the post-id was on my original file?  Stacey
Sounds good
lovely - dinner?
A gentle reminder . . .   Please suggest reviewers in PEP.
I will be at my desk for a while if you want to stop by. PL
I can make it by 8.
Oh yea, Kentucky... I didn't know St. J's was a top ten though.
hey, give me a call when you get a minute  joe 39636
yes you are.
Also, for 5/22 - deal 622332 for 210 mw in enpower does not show in NY.
can i come
I dont know who that is
what do you think
But I want more
hi
230 MW Coal, Zone G... FYI

what do you want?  just name it and I will do it.
is that your MSN Messenger contact name?
I hope they are good thoughts.
No...just the food is included.  $1 Rasberry & Lemon Drop Shots $2 Beer $3 Margarita's & Belini $4 Well
I want to register.  thanks, Monika Causholli
Errol,  Go ahead and flip the swap it should be a buy.  Thanks  dq
haha.  very funny.
Can you please run the Commercial Support meeting tomorrow?  Rod Hayslett EB4054 713-853-6178
Pete, 	Please take me off of the distribution list for this e-mail. 			 		Thanks 		  me
that'd be good, I'll be tubbs.
Ask dave brown if his house warming will be a bring your own bucket of chicken party?
I'll just get my pager tomorrow, I'm leaving.  See you later.
can we go to new york tonight?
Did you watch Michael Jackson yesterday?
30K
i got in around 10, so what time are we leaving
Did you go to this meeting?
it smells like something is on fire down here.  and don't say that it's my brain.
Please respond to Greg Schlender with any comments.
i think now
They are gone.
Didn't you know..I hold the title of Ms. Cheyenne.
They're between the "file" menu and the "reply" bar.
Please send me your current location AND extension so you may receive your SURPRISE!
You can try this one, but she doesn't get to check it as often..  gillettelisa@hotmail.com
you are all talk.  and you are a fink.
How about Espey?  KK
What the hell?
You still buying that lipstick for me?
i never thought you were coming over, we were just messing with you.
no just David !
Has this been completed and forwarded to confirms?
do you know where i can find the list of bankrupt companies
Are we sure that the above counterparty is US and not Canadian?
Phillip -  Lets try this one..Thanks!   Adrianne
$51 is the right price.  The deal has been changed.  Thanks
Have fun!!!
howcome you didnt make fun of my yellow shirt today
thanks i thought so
i think i will load up on some good cerals or buck wheat pancakes and coffee this weekend,
i know, you are helping
you working out today?
ok ill be nice
Robert, is there to be a written resolution plan as you come to agreement?  Thanks. Lynn
Importance:	High  FYI
Have you been involved with this one also?
Hi Vince,   Seems like you scared off Stinson.  What happened?  Jeff
at a deli?
If you have blackberry, keep me informed about pira
What PC did you hit
Please send me an email. Is Cassandra there today? Rick Rick Buy -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Not around 12:30 then?
is that an order?
i was hoping he would surface before then..have call into him on his cell and he said he couldn't talk.
Hey, but when are you going to the dome tomorrow??  would there be time to get together?
Doing everything I can to get a bit of a boost this month!
Doug attached is a n Excel spreadsheet that shows load and generation by 2002 CM zone.  Lance
.
When are we going?
I nominate Mike.

Black Lab?
it is a done deal.yes
Dave,  If you didn't get this from anyone else on Fri, here it is:  Fletch  
why would you come home that night just b/c they lost?
i'm not.
couldn't agree more.  was just kidding.
Has Brian had his contract yet? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
Sean & Diana - would you like me to enter this deal or have you?  -Heather
I hope to have before the end of the day. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)

stl -14  200  stl det over 49.5 200
i like the glasses
anyone going out for halloween tonight?
Importance:	High  Tracy, I have the new time on the calendar.  Thanks
maine impossible to get to ..  next idea?
now?
I have Rod's staff meeting, but I can miss it if that is the only time you have available.
i am going to kill you
Are you joining us for the 1:30 on drew's office? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
you'll get it
Cost, Insurance, Freight...
Did you get your sandwich yesterday?  Sonia Hennessy Enron Networks Phone# 713-345-4858 Fax# 713-646-2443 Location:  EB3103g sonia.hennessy@enron.com
you just are.  i feel like i'm going to pass out.
thanks
Acknowledgement of relation transactions?   Not "related" ?
Ok - what is your timing on this and the Santa Clara (which one would you like first..)  Thanks!
right, but he's in the gossip circle pretty deep
I can be there at 2:30 if that is good for you.
I will try to pay Duke Field Services  $293543, ASAP
Hi chilana
Michelle, do you believe they would be a good company to contact regarding ER team?  Ryan
do you really want to know
Anybody up for happy hour at Ruggles Enron Field after work?
What are your Trco volumes again?  I can make changes now without writing new deal tickets.
yep
Importance:	High  -- Please click this Link/URL to be taken directly to the eRouteIT System ==> 
that's no fun
that makes you an eve bigger brat.
don't be stupid.  i wouldn't do it straight up when i could get points.
Fine. Which is the deadline?
you are supposed to ask up or down
Looks like everything went well. We do not have access to the Terminal Server right now.   John
alright I guess
$10
first come up here
I don't know, probably 5.  But if you're leaving earlier, I can walk down with you.

Meeting Room #1 (across from Nella and beside Rob Milnthorp's office)
why? it's true.  i resent the fact that you can't be honest with me
Want a cookie??
good.  i am tracking it to make sure that they receive them and get things off to the trustee.

I MISS YOU!
Kim,  Looks OK to me. What Questar entity is the agreement with?  Paul
I got this without an attachment.  Do you have?
Mcnabb and Freeman for Bruce
Can't wait for you to get over here!
upstairs or downstairs?
til sunday
bits and pieces - you?
not sure, meet you in the lobby?
test
no one would ever beat me.

If it is same as mid-year, then I won't need to look at it.  Thanks.  Michelle
possibly-in my old age
What time and day would that be Plove?
No comments.  Did not give her anything to do.
so are you going to sing it to me.
you should just put 5000 on the lakers.  you wont make 5k but you will definately make $$$
what?  mark smith makes me ill.  i hate coming up there to talk to him.
you are right you got www.nymexinfo.com
This is still not showing up.  Let me know!!
FYI - finally got the Bear Paw (Crestone) re-price done yesterday
The Dealbench contact is Jeff Bartlett.  His telephone number is (713) 853-5629.  JonAlan
I only have 4 in my box, and none were the ones I gave you.  Thanks!
Let me know if you want any help installing  DP 
Are you going to include the index position summary in this file?   Thanks, Mike
Is it going to Melissa again Doug Sewell
Where did she get this information?  Is it a below the line adjustment (not in the DPR)?  Stacey
will you go to the prom with me?
If Enron's stock doesn't go up, you may get left out this time, too.
11:45 at La Griglia (on West Gray) ?
Patrice,  That's fine..  Did the long descriptions look good?  ML
tejas is complete... O
did you read the wall journal
sure
i'm taking off work. and i'm probably going to go play TPC
i was just about to email you.  why is it worthless?
are u short again opr still flat to long?
What is your office number and your home number?
i don't think so.
you're lying.
Hi, Marie.  I'm just faxing them to you now (65 pages), so keep an eye out for them!
How bad does your ass hurt?
Mark:  Did you get a copy of this from Mike Day?
Same here!  Great presentation!
Here was the communication that went out most recently.  Hope that helps.
Kim - did you get your new laptop yet?   Thanks.  Jean
Thanks for the cookies - I broke down and had a second!!  Jane Wilhite ext. 35063
The message related to both EIS and EPSC charges.  I asked Nancy to check into both.   Cvb
how close are you tot he escalators?
FYI . . .
i will have to invite myself
Clay:  Can you help out with this.  Thanks,  Danielle
I am not going to be able to get away...Chris is being a jerk
should we have somebody from the Upstream group attned this??
With open arms...Chica's? I was at a wedding this weekend with tons of chika's it was ridiculous..
so are you ignoring me?
as you can see, I'm trying to keep it, otherwise I will buy you a drink, anytime.
so, why don't you start looking for a new job.
what is cheap
pls cancel me for the 3/7 morning session. thx
did you bring any  cookies ?
No try Teb Lokey
Not a problem - any suggestions?   cvb
Give me the question and I will make the assumption for now, if you don't feel comfortable doing so.
Dear Ms DSL:  Looks like no DWR meeting this week.  Thanks for the tip.  Best, Jeff
never mind.  i wanted a snack and i think that you owe me.  :)
thanks
Why aren't you answering your work phone?
Joann, is the Canajoharie volume for the Nov 13th still 23953?
can we shoot for Friday at 9am?
Shoulf be self-explanatory, but give me a call for help, info, or questions.  WRP   
Do we have a website?
Tana -  Do you have anything on this yet?  Please let me know.  Thanks.  Mark
Just got out of ENE for a 79% gain---too bad it was only 2 options
Did you have Bob Long's resume?
How is your battle wound today?
works for me.  Golf tomorrow? Make a tee time and let me know. I don't care where we go.
Call me when you get done getting your hair cut
Did you get Ainsley sorted out ?   NFB
are you almost done
Hey Mama,  You rolling?
i did hear that it was rather revealing
Have we met the conditions.
are you having a better day today?
not much just sitting here.  how was your trip?
3 1/2 hours.
if you're so serious then when are you going to start this new job?
Chris:  The plant used 42,985 MMBtu yesterday, 5/8/02  MM
I will check with the dealership to see if they will be finished.  Thanks for the offer.
Did Shelley give you any feedback?  Is this ready to be sent to Trunkline?
Or..should I say "Thank you for the reply."  Signed, Louie the Lizard  !!
Miss Tana --- How 'bout this request --- when will it walk out your door? Thanks, Griff

just submitted.  what is your home # for the contact card
The Committee is not scheduled to meet until November 13.
Very good!
we can go now
Whoops I did it again,..I'm not that innocent...
nope ny
Please provide conversion factors for each of these curves.  Please resend upon completion.  Zakiyyah xt 58146
what is you msn name ?
Are you kidding?..if not. I would suggest November 12, the day we are likely to use on a uniform basis.
youre a goofball, let me know what fred says
missed it - you must think i am a perve  how is the new floor
Nothing.  What's going on with you?
give them a once over
Jeff --  In a budget meeting, will call this afternoon unless something critical.  Thanks,  Jim
Weren't we also going to get a printer in the area?
Here -
I had yes to Zaun and no to the others
what date is this planned for. BT
ok, enough.  this isn't funny anymore.
Eric:  I have a check with me today.  You are now on 31, correct?  HB
are you going to come back
i had to go thaw.
Sounds like a good plan to me!
whatever, ok if thats what you want me to believe
RRRIIGGHHTT
where did you stay?
Any interest in Jill?  Her email sounded promising.
we have until thursday i believe
yep
are you trying to get me in trouble charlie brown?
r at airport searched mothers carry on for 10 min found tweezers
You're a jerk
yes i am
Have you heard anything about the $1.1 MM loss from the sale?   Stacey
Did I send you this?
On slide 28 the graph is a percent of what?  Is it revenue or something else?
Frontera 795243.18 price changed from $22.73 to $23.81   Kayla Harmon Enron Volume Management 713-345-1778
Tracy,   The report is printing to ACTS as we speak.   Thanks,   Errol
which competitor?  and to do what?
http://www.u2.com/u2.html <http://www.u2.com/u2.html>
Yeah, but who shot it?  Surely it wasn't BRIAN!
im bummed
what song
Really?
you're no help
I figured so I called this morning and got the right number.  thanks anyway.  Tricia
When do you want to call Hedy and Bev?
Request 11142 has been approved for 11/26/2001
they are changing 1. yes to 2. 3 i need help with.
are you here?
I don't know, where do you have in mind
Ouch.  This is hilarious. This the DoubleTree right next to the Enron Building?
Where is West Main
6 blocks up, 6 blocks over,
what do you mean
I assume Steve.
Let's not forget this one
I am working a little late as well.
Our group is going out for lunch today.  I'm free tomorrow and maybe Friday.
haven't tried...will do so now...i am on msngr as well (AOL, MSN, Yahoo!...take your pick)
Here is my daughter's e-mail address: Kazburns@aol.com  Jackie
That could work well into my after work yoga in river park..OJ"S it is
yes i'm leaving at 3.
Mark is driving. Good. I need to hitch a ride on that bus also.
What is wrong?
Hi Greg,  The agreement isn't  attached.  (I do that ALL the time.)  ckm
Does this make us feel better?
u-snooze-u-lose.  CKL
yes
try adding me to your list..  susan.m.scott@im.enron.com
lavo +2000 net 6520
Brian,  I aploligize for the delay in getting you this info.   
absolutely
Here is the e-mail you needed.
do I get until 7:00
Who is his replacement?  Bishop?
Monika:  Try calling Ron Heller 202-205-2596   Milagros
what time do you need it for?
FYI - I could suggest she has mine ?
ill let you know
so, should I use the same "corrections to published prices" language that we use in the omnibus templates?
Shirley,  Please, send me my SAP #. I need it to approve the expense report.  Vince
I fixed it, no idea where those megawiggles went
therefore we are correct?
Let me check with Travis and get back to you.
Eric - Could you please check with Earl on my Red Cedar question?  Thanks.
we can go with 6.  can you leave your jersey for tim to wear?

I was on loan to EES since mid July.
Bullets, please.
Your thoughts
Chris,  Lunch on Friday at James Coney.  Can you make it?  Jean
do you need help with anything right now?
Fine with me.  Regards,  Jeff
working on it
thx..i just email/sent my resume to someone there..a PWC guy's friend
Ever heard of an East Bay company called Edgewood Creek?
Nothing is off the table.  I want a Owens or Moss.
I made one change.

Is Kathy here? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Nice shirt
no not at all, just at sarah
Yes, I'll be working a regular 5x8 schedule.  What voicemail?  Are you thinking of someone else?
Is this orig booked in global markets?
Janice told me that he would be in the office today.  Would The Met be OK?  Thanks, Ricki
are you being a smart ass or did the picture not come through?
Sandeep:  Here is the updated list:   =20
yo, how are things going
You are soo crazy!!  I'll call you after trading!
That is weird. Who would take the time to figure that out?  Chris
yes i am
she isn't imaginary.  her name is bailey.
What do you think of this?
nobody told you, dont lie
what's toronto
check out your photo on fortune.com.  Better?  :-) kd
i was about to kill myself because of wade not you.  he is irritating me!!!
cmon thats not true, what am i going to do withyour present
what are you doing?
call me wehen you get a chance
no, not lately
If you want to tell the rest of the fella's that's kool and the gang
vladislav@lycos.com   STAY in TOUCH!!!  :)
whats the offer?
that looks awesome!
lisag@kis.ernet.in
La Griglia at West Gray at 12:00 - can't wait!   Rosemary
you miss me don't you?
You're teasing me.  Do tell...
A copy of this has been sent to cash committee for review tomorrow.  Stuart
713-584-1234
Vince,  Have you had a chance to get with this guy?  More importantly, is he interesting?  Joe
Will my UBS pass work there?
Please review attachment for web posting.  Will posting be critical or non-critical?  	 

Fred needs to see you
I know (about leaving all this, not about Houston).  Does that mean you'll = miss me? =20
til sunday
Thanks, Richard.  Still need your EID#.  Nichole
What is going with the crude position?
whatever.
i am cooking, how about you
I understand all the following except the Index-Option.  Why would it be treated as a Spread-Option?  Stacey
Chris How about a 5 dollar bet on the game Let me know Toby
oh...that's new...Yes, I'd like to roll-over what I've been contributing the past few years.  thanks,   fletch
Stock? -- Rick S.
Importance:	High  Hunter, see below.  Any interest ?
You can!
liar
>  >  >  >www.wayport.net  - cj_4903.jpg 
you didn't tell me that becky got engaged.
I've bought 5800 contracts non pv'd.  I think Zufferli has bought 3000 non pv'd..
I don't.  Why did you think about me when you heard Shackles?
Please send me your hotmail/yahoo account:  Thanks colin_tonks@hotmail.com
If you have blackberry, keep me informed about pira
Have we had any difficulty with Koch paying us for deliveries?
I have it - I will get it to her.
Stan said this is fine!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Retained- Houston office. Tx, Rick
Michelle Hicks will actually draft the GSA - I only do the Tasking Letters (Amendments/statements of Work.
i need to talk to you about work stuff too. are we meeting downstairs in the lobby?
Hi how are you?
let me know if you have any freetime
When are you leaving today?
Sam, I wanted to catch up with you and see how you are doing.  Are you in?  K.
Sure.  The original cost was $100.
WHY? WHAT DID I DO? Heather Kroll
that ticket is yours if you want it. pay bass $30
fyi. I am following -up on this.
Please visit the latest issue of the ETS IT newsletter at:  http://www.ets.enron.com/ITNewsletter/default.asp  Thanks.
youre a goofball, let me know what fred says
not really, i think that she just felt too sorry for me to say anything.
Are there any problems???
Importance:	High  So are you guys applying?
why?
cp
I will be unable to attend. I'm forecasting a bad mood hitting at about 4:15 on July 9.
we are going to happy hour at Ruggles Enron - dynegy  Field after work.  any interest?
Please send John's report today.  Becky Young x30622
12874
whats not the same
i think going to ny is in your best interest
OK.  We should tell you brother.  Does he use email?
Both I and Stephanie Panus plan on attending.
Either...you pick the day!
fyi  How???  May I move it to c.c.#112458 - Eric Gadd - Asset Development?
Yes
That's it for me.  Stacey
thats the way i feel about sir
okey-dokey, all taken care of..  xoxo, Sabra
Redmond 175:175 -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
Will this still work?  I'm not even sure what EOL is broadcasting on rvd do you know?
I think I have your replacement for Savita.
let me know when you are leaving
what do i know - i dont know anything.
I've redrafted it.  See attached.  Thanks.  Kal  
Monika   For your information, the enclosed spreadhseet
Bob:  I received your expense receipts today.  Will submit them today.  Ina Rangel
take it to the credit union and deposit it.  We'll use it for computers / books. kh
Hi Stephanie,  By chance are you available for lunch today?  Kim.
thank you, you are one of my favorite hr reps
do u have your hears on went thru the corvet museum very interesting dad
well you made me laugh, i want to here you sing
That works for me.
everyone.  i thought that you weren't talking to me for a while?
Some are.
done
FYI.  Sempra may have some opportunities..here's their new org chart..  >   >  >  <<120701_utliityorgchart.doc>>
sorry...when did you get out of here yesterday?
oops, forgot you in my initial mailout John..
Jose and Jim   This was expected!
I wish...that would be my dream job!
whatever, i do what i want.  i am a princess.
FYI,  We seem to be having this problem again.
why are you going then?

whats up?  just saying hello.  are you doing anything tonight?
i guess so, you'll have to do something for me too though
Contact me directly, I always want to be involved!
how about deep pocket??  you're too cute! :-) kd
I didn't get her email address, fag.
Oh, this will be good!
Please see attached.   
ok a crush

yes silly i told you next week.  we are supposed to get an e-mail tomorrow about it.
I suspect (don't know) over $100k (or 200k) considering the burn rate.
Very cool.  Done
thanks but who is she
From whence shall we pick you up on Friday, assuming a 1 p.m. departure? 1400 Smith or 2001 Holcombe?
Sure thing. I'll get it to you this morning. What's a p71?  Regards,  Ben
whatever.  good.  how about you?
Can I please have the list of counterparties for Duke?  peas and carrots, -d
where did you go?  i saw you leave
I'll call him but the answer is ..the same place he usually sends the invoice!
Ask dave brown if his house warming will be a bring your own bucket of chicken party?
oh yea
A new 228 list.  Kay Young Legal Specialist Enron North America Corp. Ph:   713-853-6794 Fax: 713-646-3393
Sensitivity: Private   On hold. Not going ahead tomorrow. Will decide whether we do Weds or Thurs later today.
typing clasa nd i meant to post comments from merrill lynch conference call ion crude board not gas
$700
Casey,  Here is the file we need to fill out for Ramesh to download into RisktRAC.  
just admit it
you need company?
what are you doing?
sup hook  J A S  d 1
What do you guys think about these 2 posters? LV
i have to finish something for ny.  what's up?
Are those the townhouses near bells cafe, behind the tropicana?
Any interest in talking with this candidate?  Michelle
I've 2 extra tix if you anybody we like.
Yes; Monday at 10:00.  Will you be able to make that time?  Dave
Choi is out - we probably want to use some of his $ to increase Foster's contract
yes i am what is the name of it.
Tomorrow
i mean, that sounds great, i can't wait!
Danielle,  Who is Mark Scott with, the NYMEX?
Toss it.
What's the latest date I can purchase my ticket?
Ed, Can you help me out with this?  Kay is out of the office.
how
Sorry.  It was in yesterday's Gas Daily on page 5. Mara

5:30
Alan,  There are some problems with your attachment.  When are you sending this?
up of course
um nope.  are you?
Adrianne,   I cannot download his resume.  Please resend.   Phillip
Sure.  For now, can they be part of your 40 - 50 growth spots that we're targeting?
"rib"ald - get it??
can you send me a copy of the K?
I have transferred to the Calgary office. Please forward it to me here.=20  Chris Dorland
yes - I'd love to get away
Who at Reliant said this???  I'd let them go forward and we'll do our own.  Jim
Your are suppose to say "SAME BAT PLACE",.."SAME BAT TIME"..(Smile)
Check this out   
I love you.   Beth Cherry __ Sr. Creative Consultant EnFORM Technology 713.350.1860
The errors have also been repaired for the month of July.
no.
Talked with Kerry.  He is ready to go at it!
you better be getting excited about dinner.  i'm not taking you if you aren't.
Tom, please read below and let me know what I should tell Ina.
sorry i went to get lunch, i think people are freaking out because of ken lays email this morning
No
I don't think Brian can go - but can I extend the offer to him?
Let's do it at 5pm tonight at Teala's.   Jim
Steve,  I will talk to Greg in 25 minutes about it. They sent a proposal.  Vince
is the "Word" icon showing up down below?
how about a hint
Do you have a deal number for this gas?
Portland Meeting 11:30am  Please could you attend.
oh this little man that sits next to me is so nice!
when?  and if I needed a ride up there, could I tag with you guys?
None exists today.
k what time were you planning on leaving?  if you have plans we can do it next week
I told Gloria. :-)
good morninig i have your beauty blotters itis $5.00 plus tax.
Sounds good!
FYI.
i bought the 3.50, 3.25 and 3.00 when it was at 4.44 -- i followed your advice thanks
in case you didnt notice, i am back
ok me too
anything you can find out about vitol would be interesting. my fax # 713-853-1838
Adrianne -   Where will this be held?
no holidays -- not even christmas
I wear the color downtown brown.
Do you have Randy Curry's phone number?
I think so, I would treat you better than she can
Attached is the new file with the volumes converted to contracts.   
look up  www.langdonhall.ca
I already did in the previous e mails
Hi Jonathan  Don't forget to send me your job description (word doc will work).  Thanks,  Karen.
Indy and KC in KC
Chris,  If you have some time this afternoon, can we discuss transport?  Troy
I have officialized the 14378 and unofficialized 14370.  Thanks,  Errol
I'm hoping that port can't find me in the new building.
Bob Shults EnronOnline LLC Houston, Texas 77002-7361 713 853-0397 713 825-6372 cell 713 646-2126 bob.shults@enron.com
Yep, one thing I'm good at is being wrong (just ask Molly).
I'm up to $21.6MM.  I'll get changes to Faith.  I now feel more valuable!  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
I take it Canada can do this out of their office via Greg.
now im all excited
Done.  Vince
FYI..
you are so welcome!!!  i am so bored.
where are we going
Never mind...I got it.  THanks.
no interest right now.
your too late shit head alredy got this email, at least the sooners are above 500
5:00 you?
i am serious, you can find one day
Please grant Robin the following origination from TP1
are Darren and Phillip doing this?
Here's an other one.   
no
Do you want to leave early to go to Ninfa's at maybe like 11:20?
713 646-8525
don't even start down that road. I really can't take it right now.
John,  Thank you very much  Vladi
Not yet! When are you going to be in Vegas?  Jilly
Looks good.
Thanks Marie,  I have no issues with this letter.  Thanks, Russell
What airline?
still goin?
Sorry.  I have a dentist appt at noon.  How about Tuesday or Wednesday?  Nony
Did NSTAR terminate?
Importance:	High
I just bought ENE at 20.20. I think its called "opportunity".
Lynn  The amount referenced by Kevin was probably written by Debbie about a year ago.
ok what?  you said a lot or no more happy hours?
   Please call when you have had a chance to look at these.
i am not going to replay a drunken conversation with you.  you will have to remember on your own.
Are you going to bring it to me tonight?
Mary,  Did Keith Daigle ever call back?  Let me know.  Steve
I've been thinking about you too!  I've missed you!
What do you have in mind on picking out?
All points bulletin!!!  i am going to class sir!
Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers. PL
cmon just send it
Thanks,  I will forward this to Casey Evans to work on the Power side.  KK
Thanks!  Sorry for the continuous hounding...I'm trying to wrap up a presentation for Stan.  Gina
Tell me you are joking.  Ps. Not funny. Shemin V. Proctor
Any suggestions before I respond to this?
what kind of bar is that?
thank you!
i would really like to go now
So Doug Gilbert Smith has a blackberry. Why don't you?  H Heather Kroll
<http://news.moneycentral.msn.com/ticker/article.asp?Feed=RTR&Date=200114&ID=1226624&Symbol=US:ENE>
My resume is finished and the job offers are pooring in
Thanks
whatever
  Don asked me to send you this file.
It was the leg's fault.  yahoo says kward63 is invalid??
what are the dates of the june trip to nd?
Capital for red rock between 2001 and 2002 -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
I sure am hungry!
will you please send me what you wrote, i didnt get it
Yes or No? (You left one out!) Phyllis will probably be there.
im not sure yet, let me know what you are doing
Monika:  these have come in, please collect them from my office EB3658A.  Thanks Margaret
no im not, i am going to work out now
Natalie,  For your information and use.  Eric
Yes, we can wait until Thursday.
thanks
I agree with that we should copy the profile from US Recycled OCC Phy for this new product.
I can't believe Rich Gannon had another huge game against me.  I better not lose!  Mean Machine
good possibility I'll be back down there
thanks for calling sir
like what?
Larry,  I am testing your email address.  We received all the required information Will Dodd.  celestine
Thanks.  Do you anticipate any more changes to this version?
what?
Yeah, right.  I wish! I am working for Chris still and Scott Neal.
What is the amount?
can we have a chat this week for a couple of minutes..tuesday after close?
Are you available for lunch next week?  Will
Attached is my Project Report for October 16, 2001.  Stephanie
I'm going to class.  Two days when? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Judy, those deals should be invalidated.  Do you want me to chang the book names? SPR
we called you back but you weren't there.  Lets try to get together this afternoon.
so, are you really "hitting the strip clubs" tonight?
Thanks.  Could you let me know their Fax Numbers?  Howard Dunn.
are you coming to the front porch
pls cancel me for the 3/7 morning session. thx
Night Shift was on Showtime Saturday afternoon - thought of you and your stellar performance of one particular scene.
moulds for alstott?
i know, but i do have a big mouth
sleeping.
Grigs, 	Ina said it would be on the 5th floor of the new building. Which is right?
August 16 @ 12:24 on United 1104?  Dave
is he sitting beside you or on the power floor
i'm bout it
Today.
Ravi has you rescheduled for 2:45pm today. Is this correct?
10 contracts at $0.60... I can't get Quicktime what does it say?
why
are you being serious?  i am not my own boss you forget.
Sensitivity:	Private  I completed mine on Monday the 4th.
I would suggest that we require a waiver before we pay the money.
where did you go
Sam,   Here it comes.   Vince
Hi Jim,  What's your calendar look like next week?  Can you get lunch one day?  Shane
Duncan Rhodes El Paso North America 1001 Louisiana Street Houston, TX 77002 713.420.6745 work 713.410.2681 cellular 713.420.3174 fax
i can't tell because then you would acuse them of staring at you too.
please. and can you hook Karim and I up with Unreal too? MW
why?  i can't keep up with you.  i am so annoyed with one of my friends!
5:00  what about you?
come on up whenever you get a chance
Alma,  I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo.  Where?  Thanks, Kim.
anything for you mainline
Thank you. If you remember, would you send either Joe Hartsoe or myself a copy of the INGAA filing?
thanks  what is the particular EOTT facility that the reductions will relate to?
you forgot your toy that i gave you.  or should i say gift.
Where can I get info on safety statistics for the pipes?
what's my role?
700 NM, 4 hrs total
Miss Tana,  Do you have an ETA on this?  Thanks, Griff
god.  i am going to beat you!
Please contact Jay Fitzgerald @ 212 702 3934
u read it?
John -  I think that Sue is still on vacation.  Jeff may be able to help.  Jim
yes. it came to the office.  i sent it to the yesterday.

Why don't you tell me what the real truth is.
Nichole,  Here is the information that you requested.  Richard
Just a quick question  - 23 years for PGT?
...but I was on the phone.  Do you need a contract?
what color
FYI.
just checking on u how is all the family love dad
FYI!
i am going home!  adios!
Sounds good to me!!!
Can you get Andy Fastow and Skilling to play?  I will play even if you can't.
Good news on the CMS Deal... How much will this be?  BT
you have to bring your own
that was very nice
Jim:  Is Chris talking about Peter Esposito?  Lisa
very nice
let me know when you want to talk..
oh thanks
So you'll call him?
As discussed   
Try to keep it between 8 PM and 4AM (Pacific).  The shifts change at 6 AM/PM.  thanks
Why -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
Here you go!
give me a couple of days please
Our game this Wednesday is at 9,  let me know if you're in or out.
Will do.
Can I see the Trunkline OBA too
What is the name of the new complex you moved to?  _ina
ready?

Sheetal Patel Enron North America Senior Analyst 713-853-6740 office 713-408-6443 cellular
Any flexibility to move it up to November 1?   If there's no flexibility, that's fine.
Please distribute to traders.
no, just missin those soft lips and hands of yours
That would be fine. 503-287-0052 or I can come in. Either way works.  Earlier the better for me.
sue, what time are you heading over there?
I thought you were leaving early?
mm we'll see.  and you do get your way a lot
o.k PG&E.
I will give you a call tomorrow.
http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=63059
me too, is chris leaving
Sounds good. 11:30?
i'm there... O
Yes, I have already paid them what I originally shortpaid.  Thank you for your help.
i found this searching for gas stuff if you care.. 
Alex tell me a story.
waiting on Hunter  
was in your building last night
Maryland, Florida, Kansas, St. Joseph's, and Kentucky.  All Top 10.  All lost.  DG
only for the night
this sunday.
http://members.iglou.com/lyons/bitchGen.html
hey monika,   i was just wondering if you had heard anything from RISI?   thanks, ami
Yes Mr. Dorland, we have received your fed ex package.  Thank you.  Best Regards, Julie Clyatt (713) 853-3256
Importance:	High  Is there anything here that I need to be concerned about?
Have you bought any new DVD's recently?  If so, which ones?
Maggie, can you add this new user? Have a great day! Denise Benz
Importance:	High  Martin is correct please see below for correct version   Thanks,  Sean
Kim -- can we reschedule lunch?  Sorry.  Jean
Please let me know if you might be interested...thanks Tjae
D, can we do this in January? Being a Tariff month.  Jerry
Si, Se?or Paras!
The industry loves us!..
Revlon? Hmmm...cute. How do you feel about trading mascera?
are they curtailing your volumes?  counterparties backing off yet?
just walked in from lunch, whats up
you're killing me.
What exactly is BaseDat?
Thanks, of course, isn't CFSB one of our major lenders.
i think i am too nice w/alcohol
Thanks.   That will work fine with me.
Jim: FYI. Jordan
can i come tomorrow-- i have a couple of meetings today
i thought it was ruggles DY-ENRON Field
- KrispyKremeCalendar2001.jpg 
you better
Kay,  Please see attached.   
Leaning towards not.
damn your good
Importance: High   Please forward this to those who agreed to sign on
as per phonecall...  Let's discuss Greg
i hope you can figure it out, let me know if you need help
there are plenty of jobs in dallas!!
When is Greg's Happy Hour??

comments?  I've sent this to Mark E as well.
how about 4:30 Janie is out at 4:00
ok, but why the bar you cant drink
Guillermo- why don't you schedule with Ginger and Linda( Jim's assistant)?
yes i am what is the name of it.
Oops, sorry...your firewall should have caught it if it was that bad. Btw, I think its very appropriate!!!
i have no idea.  did you hear he was?
no
Can you provide an appropriate waiver document?  Thanks.  Terry
you are an impatient one..
Yes.  Are you available around 2pm?
Mark Scott is with Enron he is responsible for all Enron circuits.  Danielle
I went already lazy

HR has the information that your contract doesn't finish until the 1st October - is that right?
Bob --  Jeff talked with Fielder.  Your thoughts on next steps?  Jim
713-853-7986
Username: gnemec  Pass:  jbkg01grn
What is Robert Jones doing for us?

As Stuart's email below indicates, we are trying to confirm whether there is any litigation related to the project below.
as in hours days or weeks?

Yes. I would think a phone interview next week would be in order.  Alan
I'm going to work out at lunch time. I love you babe.
Portland,  Please plan on meeting in Mt. Bachelor at the appointed time.  Thanks,  Mo.
I'll be there.  DG
Importance:	High  Shelley, this room change is Steve's old office.  Is this correct?  Thank you, Ricki
Hey man, you feeling any better?

ok we will do it another time
They don't us so that won't work.
Importance:	High  Hi John, Are you okay with combining the Retail line and Executive line for Canada?
Do I have the receipts for these?
I'm excited to come home...
Can you please handle this for Chris.  Thanks.
I may have misspoken this morning when describing the package.  Please contact Rick with any questions concerning the package.
yeah you'd have to get some neon pink button ups and black pants
i thought that was slick
Could you check this out for me, I would appreciate it. Thanks.
you are weird!
hey  - how's that meter data?
Did you get your info?
The one in Portland, like NE 102nd.
you dont scare me
duke contact?
what is that?  you think you're better than the dog?
are you doing anything
I do, Please come by I want to catch up.
maybe around 10:30 or 11:00.  You know I'm going to want to eat.
you're cute!
please note offset to pay
I'm sure we can.  He's just not in on Monday.  I've moved it to Tuesday at 4 p.m.
whatever, you're the perverted old man.
yep, what time
Jim, fyi.  Have you heard about it?
sorry i couldnt help it
what?  what did i do?  i'm about to come up there and kick your butt!
Lucky for me that retirement is also an option
I'm in the office, I'll call you.
what's an infatuation?  you being a brat?  that will never pass
rax
Hard Case, Xmas bash at my house this Thursday, starting at 7..
i am thinking about a 1:30 to 2:00.  I have a new Titleist 975J, your toast
http://www.chathambarsinn.com/aboutframe.asp
No problem - we'll take care of it.  This is monthly, right?
When and where is the meeting tomorrow with Neubauer and friends? sj
Elliot,  There was nothing attached.
I'm in for Saturday or any time this weekend.  Does everyone like flan?
nope your not going anywhere, besides you get half my prize
How about Friday about 10:00 ro 10:30?  Kim.
Before you know it, we're gonna start outnumbering you guys.
Chris:  BP Amoco and Dynegy both involve ECC.  Marie
peanuts, not cashews?
Don't we have our paralegal lunch today?
no, i didn't.  i'll pass this along to ravi.  any particular time/day?
http://www.ercot.com/mkt_part_apps/LaaRRegistrationForm.xls
Did you ride the bus today?
no
You never know!
Trying to get to the insurance wrappers now.
Everything has been submitted.  You just might want to take your phone bill off your corporate card now.
Just the option traders: Harry Arora, Rob Stalford, Steve Wang and Jaime Gualy.  Michael Mattox x34317
I thought I could answer this question.  Can you provide more clarity?  Chris
<http://www.hairpinharpie.addr.com/drink_quiz/quiz.html>
absolutely
Kim  Can Marketing furnish the agreement for this project. I'm not in the possession of one. Thanks Earl C.
41234 or 48341

I'm going to go start breaking some knee caps
Thanks - I have it.  Do you remember how I'm supposed to check for messages on it?
Can you please provide info to Sally.  thanks  bob
dont worry it is probably just an infatuation that will pass
Have a great work out.  I wish I could go with you.  Love you.
leslie - let's discuss when you have a minute. thanks, Lisa
i can't do it tonight- that will be a great game though.   how about those irish!  pjb
External user logins: 891  External counterparty logins: 4726
you never told me when to come over.  so what time?
I didn't see the attachment.
Any change? --vince kaminski
You do not need a FERC license for Texas-ERCOT.  You do need to qualify with ERCOT and PUCT.
  please note that Brad Mckay has left the company.
why thats no good
Is there some secret measage here?
it doesn't have to be the last place we go
FYI...
I told you silly..Dallas -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
they will only meet me and oxley ! But yes that would be great  ;)   Neil
Darrell - Doesn't TW operate the Florida interconnect?
When you say ownership grid what are you reffering to?
great
Is lavorato going to buy you a vacheron?
i justr thought it might be better for both of us if we didnt talk for a while
when is the press conference?  What are you doing right now?
I'll go to Nelly.
He sure is relentless.  I wonder how many women he's stringing along.
Phillip - I need login ids for everyone.  Thanks, ST
Here was the last working doc.  Thanks much!   
What'cha doin over there?
9:00-10:00 okey?
Looks good--let's send it out for execution, finally.  Thanks--Veronica
Ok.  I may call Keith anyway.  Jim
ok so lets get out of here
i do understand your situation, but you should understand mine too.
you gave in?  that's suprising!  what did you want to talk about?
You might like this.  Mark Pickering  Chief Technology Officer  Enron Net Works, LLC  __
drinks with me
I brought it up last night
My book is FT-enovrt,but I can book it if you tell me who is paying.
Deal # 1071305
No problem.  Chris
How about 1pm Friday afternoon?  You on a plane.  Jim
11001
here you go  
Do you have Heidi or Jim's number.  They left EES.
I'm in NM Thur. and Fri..  Alway's available by phone.  Got a time in mind?
we're gonna need a table of contents on the b plan in addition to the printed version
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308
FYI
yes please include me in the class.  thanks Monika Causholli
Hey Jean,  Where are you sitting these days?
submit it now - thanks.
whatever.  can't you just drop the too nice bit?
I think I like it
Brian,  No problem, but do not rush your departure. There may some job opportunities here soon.  Vince
I signed us up for the 6-week class.  The first class is Wed, Feb 20, 7-9. ii
what's happening?  I am bored.
Regards, Bill x53492
you are going to love it
because we're $10 off the lows or because you think we're overvalued?
Should I free up this time on your calendar?  Thanks, Ricki
I just returned from a training class.  Can you meet a bit later this afternoon?
What is the staus on getting NSP an enfolio Master physical agreement?  Sylvia
5:00 sharp--same place, same time!
Have you told Kathy about this transfer?  Should it be a bankruptcy book?  Stacey
let's hear the explanations first
Hey, updating my Christmas card list..what is your home address?
I thought this one was canceled. So I declined to get it off my calendar.
I told you...Black Lab
I am gonna drink like Jenna Bush

This iCard has been sent to you from Stacy Erb
Stan, could you please have someone respond to this . Thanks . Mark
Will come up in a bit...where do you sit?
Ya, ps... I'm dumping me options... press is for shit today
WWaayy to cold to run today. e  __ Join the world's largest e-mail service with MSN Hotmail.  http://www.hotmail.com
you deserved it b/c you are a jerk.  you really need to start being nicer.
Michelle,  Please run Scott Earnest's executables from his last draft.  Thanks, Dave

Move Request number 10972 has been submitted to the move team for processing.
These look good from my end.  Thank you for the update. Bill
sure. Best of luck up in Canada.  Peace. Willis
maybe towards the end of the week...depending on how I'm feeling!
Yes , please. Jennifer x35248
Saw you at the baseball game last night.  Credit being all work and no play is just not true!
Didn't you trade uranium at one time.   BT
ok grouch
yeah we are done so we can do an annuity when ever you want
no i did so come up and visit
Importance:	High  Is this the same as the doc I approved last week?  Thanks,  Kay
Steve,  This is a good thing in my opinion.
so, are you in or out on wed?  i'm confused.  wait, you've got to be here...we're having lunch.
Vince:  Do you want to subscribe to this?  Shirley
Sure, that is no problem.  Are you sure you can do it?
Have I entioned how much I love Houston traffic? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Yep.. I was thinking $41 and I sell
Looks like a Texas thing to me.
Trust, starring Keith Holst, rated PG.
I can give you that for ICE, unable for Dynegy as they do not provide volume figures.
another one to delainey
should I be scared?
you da man!
FYI
yes it is
How about 2:30?  I'll come to you if that time is okay.
am i invited
yeah, but that's all
okay to provide early afternoon release to staff?
again
sweating
Marie, 	Just making sure you received my fax of the guarantee for ConAgra.  Max
The good news is, we don't owe a mediation fee, right?  Lizzette, I'll give Jack a call.  Michelle
Don't forget to call Steve to get an it rate for the 33169 contract
Celeste:  I guess there's no credit?  Marie
We must move Anker as a matter of urgency.  Let's discuss.  Thanks
have you used your msn messenger yet?
Interoffice would be great..  Would you also print contract 96050578 if it exists?  thanks
you lied.  fred is still here.
you will have to ask her.  i don't know who all she is inviting
   Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning?  Thanks.
Will do.
youll have to show me
or tattoo, Fantasy Island was around there somewhere.
I'M SORRY
Importance:	High
Happy 4th!  -Julie
you and tonight.
FYI
Has this package been discussed with Jacek yet at all ?
nice.  i just talked to fayez and he said it will be up next week.
frank,  which originator should this go to?
Kevin,  Do you have Tom Carlton's contact details?
I wish I could, but I have a paralegal lunch today.
maybe and stop talking about me to robyn you big jerk!
Just sold half my ENE's.
Ben  You want to go get lunch ?
Thanks, which internal resources.
Who in EES would market a retail product to the commercial real estate community in Dallas?
stupid yahoo msg  went down
11:30 at Willie Gs.  Is Whitt coming?
Wednesday at 10 is fine; are you still at EB4711?
give me a contact over there too BP
me thinks you both are a little imbalanced
i know i love it
you actually know what that is?  i'm impressed!
Don't have one personally..picking up the keg from one of my restaurants & we don't have them.
Michael,  Can you remind me who all gets these reports?  Stacey
fyi...sg
The SSD is being developed. I'll send it as soon as it is finalized.
jeans
just wanted to make sure that you got this.
I just found a taker. Sorry.
Works for me.
did your mom have any insight
long story
so can you give me the name of sarah's lawyer?
ok, but you might get us kicked out so we will probably have to go somewhere a little more private
updated with today's MID price, screens are down so I can give you bid value tomorrow   
Greg, I would love to do that. My location is 3121.  Harry
Where did Vikas go to work again?
mailbox:/C|/Program Files/Netscape/Users/rothrock/Mail/Inbox?id=3BE73650.5E09504E%40cmta.net&number=685597234&part=1.2
so, how are you
so are you going to tell me or just leave me hanging out here?
   First attempt after John meeting.  Make changes.
Are you okay with this?
A cheque was mailed to them yesterday
Please send a power and gas book request for Andy Zipper.  Thanks, Stacey
No sweat, I have just one question..is there a definable flow type for that (R, D, etc...)?  Thanks, Chris
hey what does xoxo mean?
later
Lynn, I have deleted Shelley Corman from the phone burst.   Thanks, Ava
so you know what i can't wait to go and get tomorrow afternoon!
Debra,  I think this is the wrong attachment. It looks to be an amendment with Avista.  Judy
what about a 24/7 brent product?
Early this afternoon would be fine, say around 1:30 PM.  My new location is 06456.  Thanks
I don't know...when are you getting your haircut?
Jeff --  Pls call.
really?
   Mark please send me an E:mail approving the above invoices to be paid.  			Thanks
Anybody have candidates for this?   Tim
I'm just passing this on.
nancyl@shore.net
why so late?  i know that you aren't working.  i am bored
plove,  I'm looking in the _Converted folder in NetCo.  i count 6 files.  pls confirm.  thanks
Lets' try for Tuesday - that's looking pretty good for me.
wanna get toasted tonight?
i still don't like you.  are you wearing that stupid patch today?
Well then I guess I'm going to have to wear them more often.
Nope
so what about the airport?
??
No  Yeung + Lindberg are gone -- Jim Steffes Enron
I'll get over it, I'm just being a baby!
Do you have an opening for lunch?  JGM
The counterparty is actually Williston Basin Interstate.
in general, we want all history available.  You never know when they're going to remove it.
Jackson would get more action.
But what about Shapiro
thats not true
Completed!  See attached.   
Importance:	Low
is wade going too
David,  Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?  I haven't heard the final word.  Kay
The deadliest period is the 'Sea Wasp'
Any word on getting these guys opened up for Canadian Financial Basis Swaps?  Thanks,  Bryan
So you just want the new changes to be redlined correct?
the one on the second floor in the other building.
Let's meet on Monday Oct-8th at 10 am in my office. Mansoor
The Floor presentations will be saved in   O:Portland:WestDesk:FloorOverview

You got it.  No more notifications as of now.  Pete
and other semi  Man, he isn't cheap!!  http://www.donlucas.com/
i don't understand how you put Felicity on the same level at TI2...
dealer invoice is 27k !
Anytime but Tues or Friday afternoon
all kind im a great two stepper, what did you watch
I'm not sure yet...3:00 maybe
Andy can trade all regions and all commodities (just like a desk head).  He is replacing Harry.
O:\WebContent\Fundamentals\EGM\Publications\Coal\CoalDaily\Archive\
Are you at work? Michelle Nelson Enron Networks 713-345-8091 Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
i am doing fine.  me regalas un beso?
sounds exciting.  want to go to dinner with me before you have your 'matt time'?
Jeff,  Per my voicemail.  Regards,  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
Let's put a C Note on the UT Colorado game straight up.  Your Texas Idol
  see spreadsheet --lots of late cargoes= fewer noms,
Any interest in chatting about a job at UBS? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
where/when should we meet
do you think that you could have let me in on that little detail?
Anything new on this?
UBS hasn't put you to work yet?!?
here's a pic of my new boyfriend. what do you think of him?  - my guy.jpg 
laura and amy and i told him he could have 5000.  ds
Please get those two people back.
do you get many limit orders during the agas? does it help?
Terry and Richard, let's discuss.  Thanks. Lynn
i am not grilling you and i am not an angry person at all.  are you kidding?
.
At the top tabs, look at Search and then Site Map.  http://www.gri.org/
$20
test  Russell Heitzman	 Resolution Center x31411
I am a desperate person for entertainment-what can I say.
How quickly?
Yes, I'm in.  Kind of tied up today.
maybe in the new parking lot
Attached is the Delta position for 1/16, 1/30, 6/19, 7/13, 9/21
nope you have to say yes first
so why are you now?
I was starving!  You rock.  Stacy
Why?
don't want to
Importance:	High
Thanks Vince - I'll give him a try.
  [Chilkina, Elena]  Thanks, Elena
i uderstand will take under advicement. What about a tap for the keg?
Who knows?
Rod - do you know the answer to the question below?
can i just tell you that i hate when someone calls me "woman"
Thanks for checking. Did you get my other message about your OR positions for Jan 11?
now
FYI
where's my recruiters?
You're fired.
ok just checking
So Billy Braddock just got his blackberry.  What's your boss say about you getting one?
Sorry, I don't.  Michelle
Could you tell me where you are getting the retail west numbers from.  John
ok, i will.
John, did you have a chance to talk to John L about the exec reports setup?  John
I don't have the book anymore Jennifer has it.  Natalie
https://www4.afsa.com/bac/CBSL/PaymentDue.html 
I can so whatever you if I want. I do owe you drinks though let me know
1
Yes, I would like to be added.  Do we prepay once a week for this?  Sylvia
Jessica, are we scheduled to have our video conference today..Is the room available.  BT
Hey Dirk,   Here is the volatility using the RISI NBSK delivered to US   
Eric - What is the status of my request?
can you respond on this one.  thanks  ams
Those deals only, are is this to be used for deals going forward with Amer.Assur. ?  Diane
Has anyone spoken to Jerry Burt at TXU about the money they owe the partnership for Feb. gas.
i think that you want the male looker to come
you are mean.  why did you call?  to harass me?
i'll have to think about it.
stop trying to get out of the dinner.

I'm getting us a convertible.
Are you coming back to work?  Or are you going home?
May I come by now?
Here are the maps. Again, let me know if you need something else...   
Louise,  Your approval on the red color will help us proceed quickly.  Thanks, Michael
Nothing.  What's going on with you?
we both know why
Love to go to lunch.  Maybe Friday?  If not Friday, let's try next week.
Still shoveling.  How are you? Is Barbe down there?
not lately
Importance:	High   shanna, who is mark lake?
deep sleep?
good, it is always good to be able to rely on someone
Driving in Afghanistan..
What's the situation with ORMAT?  Arnold has gone into radio silence . . .
Susan, Can you still stop by before you leave today pls?   Thanks, SPR
No leave it for now until we stabilize. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld

Importance: High   FYI
im bored
Wednesday or Thursday around noon would be OK.
Hi John,  Please let me know if you want us to continue this report.  Savita
About 6 or 6:30ish.  Does that work for you?
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX  77002 Ph:  (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490
Did you want me to hold of approving remote access until NETCO is up and going?
My cell phone 713-412-7529 home number 281-419-4388 Deb's cell 281-767-3667  catcha later, jmf
my song is on!!  :)
FYI-Tomorrow is better than Monday. On Monday I will be out of the office until late afternoon.
What meeting on Tuesday?  No one has informed me of a Tuesday meeting.
in about 15 minutes
WHO WILL BE HOSTING IT?
I am going to call the vet school and check the authenticity of this. PL
Your term report attached.  Sandy
you noticed!!  WOW!
Nothing was attached.
Importance:	High
do you have anything with some current information to see what should be entered into each column?!
a little better, no i really dont think we are, it depends on what happens here, how about you guys?
i think they will play better tonight. they need to win tonight, they haven't played real well in st.louis.
which next door?
you think that you will get off that easy huh?  did it do you any good?
sorry charlie, so how are things
i'm not kidding, i honestly, 100%, do not think she is pretty and am insulted by the comparison.
Do you have an estimated time on retranslation? PL
i take it that you don't like it?
800 and something a couple days after I left.
FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron.
Louise, For the record, Ask Jeeves was a better investment than Enron!  -Dan
How does 3:30 today sound?
you are the big cheese to me baby!
i am looking out for you
Thanks.  I hate it when I sound petulant.
__ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
k bye!
sure.  just call me when you get out
Should we include Becky Cantrell on these calls?  Jim
i think that you brought it up.
Can we visit about what went on with Ursula at the PRC meeting when you catch up?
volumes are still down - i have no clue on the merger. you hear something new each day
Sure, I'll take care of it...
i didnt have a very good night last night
Importance:	High  Please see below.
i just start too fast
Do you want to be involved in the discussion with Patagonia?   Where are Patagonia's offices?
Does this need to exclude intercompany deals also?
The interest for Feb 01 forward should be on the cumulative, not just for that month forward-  MK
Mark,  	This looks fine.
i just got out of a meeting, i wont stand you up, around 11:30
Stacy,  Any news on Hesco this morning?  Let me know -  Thanks,  Kim
Unless the PUC calls, less just hold off. -- Jim Steffes Enron
hack
Can I take Fri. off?
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
Review attached spreadsheet.   
so why are you talking to me now?
dont try and be cute
where did you go brat?  oh, and I can kick pretty hard.
then get your big butt out of the chair and go
No, have not heard back from him yet. Any other thoughts on how to get this filing?  Mark
how does nymex work?
Sounds good. K.
whats the whole number
Not a whole lot.  I didn't work out one day while you were gone. How was your vacation?
Dan usually has peanuts.  I need to replace his.
then why did you email me, freak
Importance:	High  See below.
Check this out. http://www.eonline.com/Gossip/Fashion/Archive2002/020130.html 
what time do you think
We have any contract in the cross (short?) hairs?
3:30 at Starbucks on West gray
The 15th is Enron's Management Conference and the 22nd is Thanksgiving.  Any other dates?
are you lying?
yes to the run no to sheppard
promise
youll see
Yes, I meant to say 9:30 am	 Margaret

got your running shoes on?
Are you being a baby? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Are you available 3:00 - 4:00 tomorrow?  thanks
I thought you'd never ask.  But, please, nothing special.  You know me. I'm a Woodbridge kinda guy..
2.	Malibu Grand Prix
Last week was crazy.  Sorry about this.  I will send them out today.
Bill -  That completely defeats the purpose of my taking time off. Forget about it.  Kate
we've signed CA and have sent a list of docs that are in data room..
Steve -- For your approval. Thanks. Jo Ann
fine i guess
is that steffes
- Jaime Tholt.xif 
testing
John,  Please disregard the prior version and use this one.  Thanks.   
down then up
does that mean i need to cover
wet t-shirt
you too, so are you going to go to the meeting
I have plans for today - how about Friday?  Deb
What is Zydeco?   No to Chinese.
It's already done, unless there is more to do that I am not aware of.
Enron trades 16.60
Tracy:  How about Thursday morning?  Danny is open from 8:30 - 11:00.
What's your idea?
How about lunch Wed, Thurs, or Fri?
whats your number
I saw this one last week..it's great!!!  Congrats to you by the way.  Hope all's going well.
Importance:	High
any day you want to go, Brian is out of town, so just let me know
Stan's meeting with Phil's group is at 2:00 today in 2AC12 - Forum.
Just wanted to confirm you received the package I sent you on wednesday.   Chirs Dorland 403-974-6910
nice balloon
The only thing I have to look forward to.  That'll be fine   Thanks
I'm at my desk.  Jeff
how was portland
David - Ok with you?   T
SWEET!!!
They have you listed as golfing tomorrow
Great!  Thanks, I'd love them.  Is a check, ok?  I'm good for it.  (wink, wink)
http://ebb.wbip.com/queries/point_cap_avail_main.asp
he was trying to get lucky
yes
dealer invoice is 27k !
no we will go when i say so
They were a gift.
i am so ready to get out of here
FYI, KIm.
you better not.  you better not EVER tell anyone about that.
Should this go into Janine's efforts on Markets?  Jim
did i tell you that you sure know how to whine.
somewhere for a drink maybe
i completely agree.
We're watching you.
NOO!
yes, lisa went to their lawyer (david) this morn
Please review the announcement for EIA before I send it in.   
i'll just come over betw. 7:30 and 8 then.  remember, you're supposed to be getting excited.
Please get out of document & I will.
These portfolios have been deleted from the Netco database.  Thanks Lamya x54188
We're going to be sitting kina close after the move.
I'll take care of this...
I can meet with Keenon today or tomorrow. I will be out of the office Wed-Fri.  Thanks, JMF
they're coming across my e-mail now.  Do any of you want to see copies?
Yes, should we also invite Jan or Tracy?
Dutch, Here are the volumes for the 11-01 thru 10-06 Deal.  Thank you, Jonathan Horne x53994
Kam,  I spoke to Ramesh about this. According to him, rac.enron.com will be available in NetCo.  Zhiyong
that is so mean!!
greg if you want to just go ahead and settle up I will accept $15 now!
i got an error message when i tried to open your message with mike's contact info.
Stan, could you please have someone respond to this . Thanks . Mark
I'm in st louis tuesday, back in office wed.  we'll get together then. kh
Attached is the final presentation.  Please let me know if you need anything else.   
i think you should go soon
The Rome mediation scheduled for Thursday has been cancelled.  --Lizzette
Don't kid yourself ... you are a moron.
Please forward me the version w/ Keoni's comments.
How late will you be here today?
FYI.  Best regards, Susan
nothing i was bored
I have asked her a couple of times, so if you have one that would be better.
why me?
what did you get
Just to share.
remind me of that bet again
From Debra...   
Have you seen Ben on Felicity?
you got it
Thank you!!
yes...the email address is susan_m_scott@hotmail.com
Bod,  Please add Jan Moore to your distribution list.  Thanks, Kim.
Wasn't sure if you were copied on all this.
pretty table  <http://www3.thomasville.com/Products/product.asp?ItemID=560>
nope i'm not going!  too late
dont know, sorry
We did get a reply !
Where's Jeanie? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
10 contracts at $0.60... I can't get Quicktime what does it say?
don't you have messenger
such a tough life
Yup..it's a secret.
what are you guys talking about?
so i am going to be a brat all day!
you should believe me
its working, im going to go smoke
not poor me!  tonight should be a lot of fun!
Importance:	Low
whoopie!!
Have you heard of Mary Mary?
ok alstott and troy brown for holt?
See attached requested data.  
that will work.  thanks
that is not nice.  i see how you are!
do i need to come and slap some sense in you?
Please let me know where we are meeting if everyone plans on attending.  Ed
Start taking a look at this.  Jim
They have some cute guy lawyers this year-but I bet you probably watch that manly Monday night Football.
what did you get
just for the stuff i have put up with, im pretty sure anyone else would have killed her
Golf Tournament names for gas risk management  Jeff Gossett	x37306		Hcp: 10 Errol Mclaughlin	x58274		Hcp: 36 O'neal Winfree	x39686		Hcp: 36 Kam Keiser	x35781		Hcp: 36
did you not think that was funny?
i don't have any stories.  why don't you tell me one.
i am definately bringing back some talent to the stabbin cabin
yes
ha...this bites
Heath Bar!!  for the butt!!!  :)
i don't even know your salary now.
As of the 6th TW and NNG are balanced, I agree with Gary we need to stay balanced.  ds
sounds exciting.  want to go to dinner with me before you have your 'matt time'?
Can't today - next week?
Extension is 1 month and notification is 60days
Jim:  Have you received any feedback as to whether they need additional data?  Thanks,   Jennifer
sorry, just got your msg.  cant go today. by the way, you're a lousy friend.
I can't make it today
I can't tell you nutting
you can be a little rough, but dont beat me.   : - )
The move has been very smooth
i dont know are you?
that is fine.
Attached is the updated list deleting J. P. Morgan.  Marie  		 
Have you eaten?
You are truly blessed.
fine goodbye mr. boring sir
no you are not.
thanks  DG
Is it still in legal? Because it's not opened up in Datamanager.  Thanks,  Bryan
are you here yet
Booked in 3Q, 3.5 to origination, 3.5 to trading
Why would they already have received "funds". Rick
REALLY, where is he going? Are you going to be the big cheese now?
Importance:	High  let me know if you have any comments as soon as possible.  thanks
http://www.ercot.com/texaschoiceprogram/Training/course_WholesaleMarketOps.htm
i dont like the sir thing
They were faxed this invoice several times.
ok deal
are you up for todays game?
no, i got a poodle.  go to hell.  chihuahuas are cool.
are you saying you watched mj's bits and pieces last night???
i promise if you are serious i will come up with the explanations
FYI - this is all I have for now.  Do you want to try and do lunch with Marie?
FYI, Gregg Cooper is with wholesale EES.  thanks, Kathy
Please see attached.  Ken Powers (402) 398-7065
to ny?  why?
I need the names of the South American folks in order to respond.  Jim
Guys did we decide if we can interview this gentleman?  Thank you
im leaving
What is in the plan? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
you have to clink on the content button and then press ercot
Michael,  Can we move the meeting this aftrnoon back to 3 PM ?   NFB
What exactly do you need for Dec?
Debra, 	 	Do you have any deal numbers that I can research so that I can answer your question below?
Ok, never mind then.  I can do without.  Thanks.  Did you send me the final price?
what other time either Tues pm or Wed am are you available and I'll check.
Please add so we can get to Fallon on Monday.  Jim   
same here
Did you buy any ? I have the golden touch. 500 at 37
all you have to do is come down the escalator silly.  how hard is that?
late sleeper?  i don't think that i am going to be able to go to lunch.  :(
is it really opening
I have e-mail Molly and as of yet no response  Mark
you make me mean
Booked in 3Q, 3.5 to origination, 3.5 to trading
When are we going to dinner?  Have you ever been to Paulies on Westheimer close to Shepherd?
I have no idea what this is. Can you handle?
no i never do, and is that a yes
a little fiesty this morning??
I am working a little late as well.
Good for you.  Let's celebrate tonight - maybe we can make the pork and drink some wine.
You  baby.
I left it at home.
Awesome - you'll have something written?  Let me know when it can be distributed.  Thanks..
They tried not to show their back-ends-it was rather bazarre
Julie,  You must have the wrong Jeff King.  I'm in east power trading.  Sorry!
Can you please get a copy of their Expansion filing in time for our visit this Friday?
And me?
Can you verify the data on the %'s?
If my memory serves me correctly, it was Pattie and now I would like to think it is Ava.
Shirley,  Did we send this one?  Vince
so are you two getting along better?  you don't think you are...cute!
yes, he tore his bicep.  it's not a big deal, but surgery's make me nervous
Thanks Chris!   Todd, please work with Cooper and advise me before end of business of your finds. Thanks!
Are you a Beethoven afficionado?
Conal Tackney Enron Canada Corp. Ph.   (403) 974-6711 Fax  (403) 974-6706 Cell  (403) 803-3194
I will be taking vacation days March 13-15.   Twist 3-6203
Not anytime soon, but within the next couple of weeks.
Call me, for a discussion.  PT 3-0667
This was an issue for testing in model office.  It did not affect production.
whatever
Vince,  Thanks.  However, should Elena's title remain as admin coordinator?  Please advise.
If you can fit it in.  I am pretty covered with ENA Upstream right now.
um ok.
you aren't talking to me remember!!  :)  wow almost 3 weeks
Tony, 	The address is 3 Allen Center Office 1604A
here are the last two on the list  Taria
yes, i did you spoiled brat
I am very glad you are staying!!!
Here are pics of my little baby...his name is Warty Bliggens:   
b, not sure that was appropriate, however you should send it to my home jparks1@houston.rr.com
you should be able to connect right away
do you have eldon's cell phone #?
are you at work?
Are you drunk today - if not you need to take a typing/spelling class?
Did you call Nirv yet?  Jai Hawker Peters & Co. Limited (403) 261-2259
Anything I can do to expedite this?
When you get a moment
FYI -- Happy Easter.
I don't know yet.  We'll just have to see.
A skirt and a shirt.  I am really mad because I couldn't find shoes to match though.
Beers tonight?
Here you go...  AC
Well, when we get off, I will have to take you for a ride in my new car!
Monika,  Sorry to ask you again, but does the BHKP include eucalyptus/birch?  Thks.  KC
stop ignoring me!  i'm bored!
I'm going to shoot for 3

It's a filet of beef with bourdelaise sauce.
nope, and stop
my awesome company
I have no idea what you are talking about.  Regards,  Jeff
why?  because he is mean!
are we using this?
Certainly!
Maybe we might win then.
Done will have a new confirm sent
i don't know, you tell me.
Importance:	High  Could you send me 4/29/01, I don't see it in the file you sent.  		Thanks 		Chris
Desk is 3274D  Thanks
5:00...what are you doing tonight?
PG&E City Gate is the delivery point and lets start out with $.05.
Where is NPR on our dial in Houston?
Bill, here's the electronic version you requested.  ann   
Importance:	High  Chris Foster chris.h.foster@enron.com (W) 503/464-3822 (Cell) 503/702-8568
Lynn, you need her to attend this meeting Monday only, and what is the time & place.  Thanks, Ricki
meet you at the elevator
Rick, here is Jodie's Mid Year review.  Thanks. Lynn   			 
Anybody up for happy hour after work?  I was thinking Kenneally's at around 5.  Let me know
it wasnt at the top of my to do list
Yes, he said to leave the reports the same as it is now
Count me in... Is the beef steak?
Boy, we both had a crappy fantasy performance this week..
Don,  Please determine if you want the following information  Rika  M:\Electric\Transmission
at 3.525
So where are you kayaking this weekend?  ckm
Let me know if you did not get a 22 p. fax this afternoon.  GAC
Hope you didn't drive all the way to New O to catch the game.  :) H
Should I include Mike Sullivan's group as part of Global Accounting? Call me if you want to discuss.  Thanks!
Well, nothing in life is ever free. It will cost you!!
going to work out with dean at 4 - wanna go?
Yes, please send the confirm
Bought at .37 cents and now at .27 cents.  Not good.
sounds great..give me some directions and I'll see you at 6 or so.
ok no more happy hours
I hated it
I just checked profile manager and that is indeed the case.  tm
Sheila:  Do you need a copy of the base agreement too?
i guess we'll see.  so what was my answer to your proposal?
Doug?  Makes one question the source.
ok ,what time are you
thats better
hey, if you can't make lunch you will want to see my new neighbor.
poor you.  bye.  have a good night.
Importance:	High   Cindy, I'm passing on to you.  Thanks.  Rosie
Bill and Maria, one of you should check with Cindy first to make sure she is ok with it.
COMPLETED
when you get a chance please. MW
I'll take care of it.  You'll receive a confirmatory e-mail from the system.  Thanks.  Eric
Importance:	High  Lindy, were you able to print this slide?  I could not find it.  K.
www.kazaa.com  Lucy Ortiz Energy Risk Management Enron Americas P:713.853.3238 F:713.646.3239 M:281.782.6397 lucy.ortiz@enron.com
Are you starting this week??
You mean a world pulp monthly report?
Call your brother when the jury has convened.
Sure.  I'll have Ingy wash and polish it first.
I'm always ready
Looks nice
um no
Do you have this data?

Let's not get it installed until we move. Thanks. BT
you should drive
Miss Tana ---  Do you have an ETA on this request?  Thanks,  Griff
Astra Power also needs to be added to this product
Revised per our discussion.  Please forward to Citizens.   
yes you
Hi Kim,  I assume this is another e-mail meant for you.  Cheers bye, Kim
ill bring you mine

Fred needs to see you
are you going to be boring today?
yeah right.  you probably watched football all day yesterday.  you love football.
i'm italian too.  and no i don't watch that.  so will you make them disappear?
That is pathetic.
Nefarious is..  	1.flagrantly wicked or impious  	2.Bill Williams III
Importance:	High
A relative?  Sounds like the geography even works.
You need to give yourself some!
Jeff/Sue--I keep hearing conflicting reports on whether Riordan is really going to run..what's the read in California?
Looks good  to me.  Mark
  Do you need Power as well?  Let me know.  John
I knew you would like that
you wont get in trouble
Did anyone else get the attachment?  If not, Paul, could you resend?  Thanks.

Can you change on my calendar.  Thanks!
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>  [Musch, Susan]
Shirley,  Let's book Tuesday, Aug. 28.  Thanks, Kim.
I need the city's bond counsel (outside counsel).
I am gonna drink like John Daly
Importance:	High  Sally - your team needs to be on top of their game more than ever!!
Vladi, nu konechno I pridu! da esche i s podarkami :-)  E~
We better get tickets now?
you around today?  I need to talk to you for about 10 minutes. kd
NOTHING..WHAT IS YOUR IM??? THIS IS WACK
no why?
we are going to happy hour at Ruggles Enron - dynegy  Field after work.  any interest?
Importance:	High   FYI..Can you make sure this gets done?
Tomorrow morning! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
how bout 3:15?
Done
We will need a conference room.  Should we meet here?

deal, but I won't be able to until next week.  This week is crazy!
did you get good stuff for christmas
Importance:	High   Will you please take of this.
I'm available tomorrow.  Nony
ISNT ANDERSON YOUR AUDITOR? IS THAT A CONFLICT?  YOU SHOULD READ SOME OF THE POWERS REPORT. UNBELIEVEABLE!
yes,   can you attend the lunch tomorrow.  Thanks, Karen.
is that supposed to bother me?
sf/nyj over 45.5 -  200 sf +3 - 200
Men...this is a classic. My favorite is #20...
I will be leaving at 4pm - so please get me the files asap
nope and nope
Great time Sat night.  Thanks for the invite.  How is Christina?
Thought you might want to learn more about harry
I have a lunch meeting so please after 2:00 would be better for me.  TK
Comments?  (These look fine to me).
you have to go for work
boy, do i
Are you in cowtown yet?
what do you think and are u still playing games with the shorts?
Do you want to go to the Taqueria today so we can got to the Chocolate Bar afterwards?
http://www.houston-press.com/issues/2002-01-10/stirred.html/1/index.html
it's did you watch your girl on tv last night?
I am sure you already know this - you owe me for babysitting fees!
martin martin-- am trying add value by posting rresults from the merrill conference call going on right now
No standard form..would be happy to look at anything you do. -- Rick S.
youre in trouble
John,   Thanks very much.   Would 4:45ish be alright with you?
Dude,  We are seeing that place at 7:00.
Paulo  Any news?  Vince --vince kaminski
Is this 12:00 Eastern or Central?
k.  guess who's book i get to start running..yours and mr. smiley zipper face!!  :)
it isn't for no reason, jerk.  it's because you have the honor of my presence.
I'll take care of it today. K.
ok what time are you leaving
How is that ?  I don't have my work out clothes with me.
How about I invite Jay on Monday?
Did I send this to you already?
what time are you leaving
Mine says you are not logged on.  Send me a message.  Your boyfriend Dave Fuller says hi now.
Audrey who?  Have a phone no. ?
Please review the following resume  for the position of SPEC SR LEGAL.  HUGHES,HOLLY  ->		00598689.DOC
May need to post TX PUC collateral.  Jim
i figured you might, well go for lunch
please, MW
Mike --  How about lunch at 11:30 - meet in the lobby?  Jim
OK, Jim trying to call you now.
Whos hsould we send this to?
Yes Bobbie, I will confirm that but hopefully not for long.  : )
Per Dan Hyvl, everything should be and will remain under Crestar.  Thanks
FYI..  I changed the west and performance books to your name on the rac website.
This has been taken care of for you.
very nice
nice sarcasm.  that's fine, i don't want to see you either, i just need to make a cd.
because its with me
has this been assigned   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
FRANK!!
I have a conference call then.  How about Friday morning or afternoon?
I really want it in Q4 - not Q3
I listen to both.
started but got pulled out. waiting to see louise/lavorato out having baby today. buy is ok.
<<...OLE_Obj...>>
Can you follow up on this.
i think i could
Thursday works for me!
he doesn't have to go if you will wear the horns and play the buck like he does.
We've got reservations at 7:00 at Mark's.
bad mormon brian
the truth comes out after a few drinks
Screw it, I'm going to Tony's.
Her stuff is still here, but I don't know where she is.
pretty table  <http://www3.thomasville.com/Products/product.asp?ItemID=560>
why do you say that
test
i don't think so.
Monika,  Was this already approved by Andrea?  Karen
why are you being mean?
done
not fair
yes
i am attempting to coordinate a tax w Roger W, Warren Schick, and Tom Meers
I don't understand the times on the report.  many of them are 3 or 4 in the morning.
Clint--we will assume that you or Jeff is taking care of getting the payment made.
I would go with the star wars painting on the side myself...
Sharon, did one of the Canadian lawyers look at the list for the things you could not identify?
Okay, I do need to get my pager today
OK for me.
is he ok
prove it
Are you going to hang out with me and Camille tonight?
Good job.  I bet you never thought you would retrade the transport this much.
Sean - the database names on SG02 look wrong mate???
no she doesnt, ready?
Wednesday night.
so you are drunk then - that is what i thought
did you go work out this morning?  do you know an orthodontist in houston?
why?  can you?
ok you are boring!
im going to call ny and tell them you should really go up there now
yes and i got fat for christmas!!
Thanks...  Did we do this for March...I don't remember...
Here are my thoughts.  Use as you see fit.  Jim   
the body shop is opening on monday.
anytime
.thank you so much
TOMARROW.
Steve Good news. Dan
yes
I will call him again on Monday.  Do I get a commission.  Just kidding.
thanks,   tell these guys to trade it up!
well i know that charlie was promoted and he hasn't done jack
Sara:  Are you going to send around the template?
Did any of your customers call you back?
Hi Jonathan  Don't forget to send me your job description (word doc will work).  Thanks,  Karen.
Chris, do you have time to sit in on a call later this afternoon?  Ruth
3-5
cmon lets be co workers
if its early i can
maybe a little.  we have some things to work out.
Has anything happened on this? Has credit ever responded to you?  Rich Friedman Enron Global Markets LLC richard.friedman@enron.com 713-853-5137
Thanks, Joe.  Therese
Please delete all 7 for the 18th only.   Thanks,   Errol
From the way it is looking now ... I gave my money away anyway.
yep
Monday's starting next week at 4??
yep, please
Are drinks on the house?
oh ya probably.  i will continue to freak out myself.  :)  what are you eating piglet?
flemingryan99@hotmail.com  I am going back for Matt's stag this weekend :)  Got Air Canada Websaver flight for $340.
Waiting to hear back from Shawn on the definition. I'll pass that on when he responds.
i agree lets go, what store sells toothpaste?
Importance:	High  Are you okay with this?
I have plans to go to lunch with a friend.  How long are you going to be here?

i'm not going.  you're mean
what does that mean
you have already won.  check schedule. PL
(go to the "That's just great" sound file)  <http://www.ozcraft.com/scifidu/aliens.html>
i'll give you all you want
Yes, but we are waiting to hear from Darrell on this one.
let me know if you want company
definately, you havent been bugging me, thur or fri would be best for me
i think now
sure, love to, but where or at what number to call.  happy new year   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
my sister in-law said that she can get me a good job at dell in austin.  would that work?
How about Tuesday's at 3:30 Houston time.
We still need instructions as what should be included in Technology Expense.   cvb
are you being mean
rumor we lost some power talent any truth?
Should we get 4 bankruptcy postids?
You were not given access to AEP.
we need a fourth again
Just read the Fortune article. Congrats!  Paige  http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=list.jhtml&list_frag=list_5columns_powerwomen.jhtml&list=22&_requestid=43083
Have you had a chance to look into this yet?  Thanks, Diane
I saved the file let me know if you have any questions  dq
when we get upstairs
did u at least drink heavily?
have you gotten a response
yep
Jon Mckay will manage Brad's products.  What products had we assigned to Pete?
jerk
what do you want to call this product?  Let me know.  Thanks,  Melba 58986
what videos, and to who did you make fun of me to
thats what happens when you get old
why are you being so mean to me?
It was really good.  Next wek you can watch Jennfer Lopez-I bet you can watch her bits and pieces.
Alan -  Appreciate your thoughts.  Jim
Please see attached and let me know if you have any comments or questions.   
http://www.corptraining.com/index.cfm?company=enron
Hi Joe, Can you tell me what times the wires were sent today? Shemin Shemin V. Proctor
Susan,  Also, please include James Centilli and Mark McConnell.  Thanks, Kim.
Has anyone spoken to Jerry Burt at TXU about the money they owe the partnership for Feb. gas.
did he tell you if he was coming or not?
You  baby.
Brad, where are we meeting and when?  Hdt -- Davis Thames

sure..name the spot
i've lost my link to NYMEXINFO.COM
i would never
Frank, I sent the draft of the summary to Dave yesterday, I'll let you know if I receive any comments.
Yes they are both Straddles.  Thanks TARA
Here it is I hope.  Rick   
so whats new
What do you mean you don't know what to do?
Sounds great to me.
Done.
http://espn.go.com/abcsports/columns/connolly_marc/2001/1212/1294802.html
I would like to attend.  Thank You
Can we do it tomorrow when Theresa is back in the office?
Thanks much guys - much appreciate it.  Have a good new year.  Dave
http://www.cnn.com/CNN/Programs/moneyline/
i think that laura and i might go have drinks tonight if you want to come you can.
Here you go.
I like that he watched Sponge Bob Square Pants..
Draft Change Order   Sorry about that.
exactly, see, worthless.
told you so...
because i want to go
when you intend to make counter to PG&E?  10Q out yet?
Any progress on this? - thanks.
The interest for Feb 01 forward should be on the cumulative, not just for that month forward-  MK
Please touch base with Gina and let her handle this.
can we make it a weekend
not today, but I am going to bring a HUGE batch on Monday.  What kind do you like?
DENVER -3 ARIZ +2.5 MINN +3.5 PHILI +9 UNDER 41.5 TEASE   ALL 150
Are there any other Chelan deals?
Not a chance -
why?  sorry.  :(
This one was gas only.
See below. Should I proceed with this?
Hey Jeff,  Have you heard about my idea to trade ags with my black box model?  Gary
i think that i am skipping having a drink with you.  have fun at your dinner tonight!
Kevin,  here is the info on the PG&E project.  Thanks, Kim.
What is the post id you're looking at?  Mine from Monday (1452848) shows 0 value.
Updated list.  		 
you get in to see whalley?
No rows found in both OTC or exchange traded deals.
Are you riding herd over this happy stuff?
And you Address
are you here
what's brian's last name?
Thank you.  Just let me know if it changes.
as of what time period - Jan. 2002?
well, no hoochie shoes anyway.
Retail sales.
Importance:	High  Can you confirm the status of dry bulk freight and are you okay with this proposal?
you might kick me
I believe that I might be joining you in the nut house
everything is not okay
not really, waiting for some communication. PL
you use your tongue prettier than a two dollar whore
we'll see about that, slick!
what does LOL mean?
Sorry Troy.  I guess today is a bad day.  Probably after the 1st.
YEA MAN..YOU JUST SAY THE TIME..I GOT HERE AT 6:30 A.M. AND LEFT HERE AT 8:30 P.M. LAST NIGHT..
Kevin,  here is the info on the PG&E project.  Thanks, Kim.
sounds ok to me.
I am available from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. (but not after 11:00 a.m.) and after 2:00.
kill it?  do one for 5 g's?  go by word of mouth.  lemme know.
gotcha...hey, who do you know at j. aron?
Any interest.  Seems like an experienced physical trader for NE MW or SE.
FYI..
i want to go
Have you met her
I can go any of the 1st 3 weeks of Dec.  D
how does that relate?
Heather,  Did you attach the file to this email?
Importance:	High
I assume this is for my info only, or do I need to do something with it.   BT
Sorrry - yes I did get them.  Thanks so much.
Rick,  FYI, see Rudi's note below.   Regards, Frank
here is the list.  Thanks. PL  
you get silly.  i get dummy.  i can't go you goofball!  are you really going?
LOL.
Did you do anything to it - I can't see.
Debra, I need a contract number for deal 1100834.   Can you help me?  Sean
are you suggesting for all of them or just sandra?
<< Message: EPSA SE Call >>
Can you help with this one?
Thank you!
Please forward exceptions for October 16 - 31, 2001 pay period.  Thank You, Kathy
Hello Everyone,  Please provide me with your logon ID's and your password sometime today.  Thanks,  Alex V.
Sounds great.  We can review the term sheet.  Do you have the latest version?  C
can you procure a seat for greg somewhere near the trading floor - preferably close to colin?
i know, lets go
I saw that, expected .08 came in .03. sales shriveling up like nuts in cold water
how about Friday?
no, not this week. too much bah humbug!
3 Year 4.72 5 Year 4.81  Cheers..
yes, when
Importance:	High
nothing else to do and my dad is having surgery next week so i want to see him
ok, ready?
Have you turned in my expense report?  Do you need my Amex bill?  Stacey
<< OLE Object: Picture (Metafile) >>
Importance:	High  Please see attached documents.  Thank you.  
Let's grab some chow
k have fun!
If you don't like the noise, mute your computer.
I've got jack on the 'holios.
No.  Do you have anyone in mind?
Can we meet today to discuss?  Thanks,  Steve
Thanks.  Please send the attachment.
The ICE Adds WTI / Brent Bullet Swap Differentials to its Product List >>  << IntercontinentalExchangeTM Trade the World
Just want to make sure we are meeting at 6:00 AM to run tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon
so where are we going to go?
try adding me to your list..  susan.m.scott@im.enron.com
Can you please submit a new credit worksheet?  Thanks.
what game
yes, according to chet's co-worker
alright, not a problem.  i have lots of money to spend.
Was there a guy in the calgary office named John Distroll?  Did some gas options maybe?  -Greg
where did you go?
Are you on this list yet?? Wasn't sure, so here it is. Michele
Julie,  I can not find the CQG application, but I still need it. Thanks.  Judy
are you in pdx or iah?  kim
FYI, Kim.
GO LOOK AT THE LAST THREE DAYS I HAD TO STOMACH. (ngm1) WHAT THE HELL WITH THE dow
I'm sorry, let me know if there is anything I can do.
Attached is the Upstream Products Hotlist for October 3, 2001.  Thanks Ana Hernandez  
what.
I will call you at your office and patch in Yuan.
I haven't yet.  I will give him a buzz tonight.
help
Finally putting my money where my mouth is - I'm in.
Can you add the Portland numbers and recirculate?
Correction!  13 through the 31st.  Thanks,  Dan
I don't know.  Call Stacy Fitzgerald in IT group to find out   Her number is 56045
Chris, Done it is now added.  Thanks, Mark
Dan Dorland - Affraid of his brother's IM furry
Thanks very much?  Does that mean that the Hansen contract would be sold as a stand-alone asset?
happy bday to you, happy bday to you,i hope you have your job tomorrow,because i like to work with you
I will definitely!!
exactly.  i want to change my cash dollars to  euro.
http://fundamentals.corp.enron.com/main.asp
I updated the Physical Power Terminated spreadsheet with the following update.  FYI - it is NSTAR!  Stacey
my little junior league girl.   so sweet.   let's leave around 1130ish
31 - 6 Balls to an Over in Cricket
Charlie,  I agree. The settlement is an agreed upon measurement number. Not an agreed upon difference.
Looking into it
Yeah, I know the buisness VERY well.
Thanks  Louise
let me know if 3:30 works for you guys; we can meet in 3801a (my office).  thanks.  Sara
Importance:	High  See Duke's comments attached.   Kim
Oh good - have you sent Presto's yet??
John,   Thanks very much.   Would 4:45ish be alright with you?
   Jan
does that mean just me?
Got it, thanks.
aga just came out
come on up tomorrow afternoon.
yes.  I have contacts there, if you want.  Michelle
you may need to attend for continuity reasons.
Steve and Kim, does this outfit ring any bells?..Tony
i guess that we will find out tonight.
i don't know, i don't remember calling you at 4.
orneon  peteinon  ptenon
Congratulations!
Both mom and baby (Logan) are doing much better
This is the shell report from the weekend.
we will go from there
Kevin,  I have updated and these will products will hit the Firm Trading Central Book.  Thanks, Stephanie
So where are you kayaking this weekend?  ckm

Hoon are you there?
Please see attached.  Call me if you have any questions.  Ken Powers (402) 398-7065
Just let me know what you want and next time I will get it for you.
we did not
Sara, Is there a process for responding to this?
so i have to go get my haircut, any ideas where we can meet
Greg - Attendance list attached FYI.  Matthew
What about having the Duke/Citrus dinner on Wednesday, October 3?
Julie,  Attached is a clean and redlined revised LOI per our discussions.  Please review.   
i should!  i'm talking to caroline.  that's why i didn't answer.
Yes.  We hold a very big position with NPC that rolls off at the end of '02.
so lets go
Try this one now and let me know. Thanks.
Cute Thank you note, Janie dear!!!
j LO WAS ON LAST NIGHT
OK
Here ya go!   I did not change the 2001 prices except for Nov/Dec.  
laura said that she saw you.  are you working out today?
why are you ignoring me?
Did you hear from Maco?
Done
Have you heard anything new regarding the Guarantry from Pemex.

If you're interested in going, my meeting with the pediatrician is scheduled for Tues, Apr 16, at 1:30 p.m.
there is a credit spread b/t ice and eol for phys transactions
who are they?
Looks great to me.
what date is this planned for. BT
so where are we going
Here are the settles, thanks.  Have a great weekend.  John   
So, is 10:30 acceptable?
subject of the email is going to be the only piece that you're going to get from me.
March 20 is full.  Would you like to reschedule for another day?
I agree that you can develop a rpeliminary assessment thru Lou and Don, as to environmental. What is social risk??
Jim - I was just wondering if I could delete all of Jeff Brown's old RCRs.   BG
Its good to see Ray gets the same treatment from his own lawyer.
I will cancel your registration.  Gracie
will you stop joking about that.  you are not going to be a waiter.
What do I need to do to cancel my Body Shop membership?  Thanks for your help.  Scott Neal
It should be under Business Applications...is it not there?  Julie
Hi Sara, I am following up to see if you were able to get back to her?
can you do it around 4:15 in Brad's office 2711?
FYI.  I am meeting w/ Laura, Frank, Scott and Mike this week.
Outstanding!!!
  [Chilkina, Elena]  Thanks, Elena
why arent you going to law school, matty is home, i think i might be a saint
let me try this again what is your yahoo id
Dave is around. Digs are OK, but it's odd that all this money was spent, given our current circumstances.
Kim,  I am sitting on the West desk on 32.  Chris
how about friday
You better be nice to me when I get back -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
it was fine this morn.   starting back up today
I'll be there!
Yes, if she has the codes.
Can we get together this afternoon to discuss calling NEPOOL?  How about 3pm?  Jim
that is horrible - i am embarrassed for you...
Can you figure something out for these guys?  Thanks
Importance:	High  I having trouble with my computer.  Please advise.  John
see, you couldn't handle me.  i am a freak!!  :)
of course i am.  i am going out straight from work.  you?
fyi
please Cooper. MW
Kim, Can we meet around noon?  JMF
Kyle is working with atorneys -- Jeff Golden
no chip, no money
Pat --  If you're in on Friday, let's sit down for 15.  Thanks,  Jim
FYI
bet you sure are glad you liquidated your ene - trades 13.80
FYI -looks like everything is fine.  sorry for the mix up. PL
you have aol instant chat?
Amita is now free
so what are we doing tonight?
going to the game.  I'll be at the front porch tomorrow...
OK. So I take it we will let Presto sign this week?
Yes and it will accelerate the decline of Western Civilization..
goin'?

My phone interviews are complete.  Please send someone to pick up my forms.
Have a good weekend.  Maybe I'll see you walking dogs.
thanks, come and visit
I want a good receiver.  You need a RB.
ended up getting in late last night.  monday night football turned into tuesday morning football.
Bill Does the contract allow TW to buy the horsepower and take control of the electric supply contracts? Thanks Dan
What day?
I love you.
I'm wonderful thank you very much.  Where have you been?  How are you doing?
You want to grab a sandwich?
Checkout the great deal, 49er fans!
Simple mind
No Gulf Coast?  DG
how about you get the food
this is craziness.
thanks co worker
For you Stewart, anything.
I think he should report to Gaskill and Will (is will doing fundies?)
really why not
atleast, why
Don't know if you saw it, but your friend and mine Paul Addis is leaving AEP to "pursue other interests".
Nice picture!  
FYI we sent this to treasury at their request.
a brand new car
I plan to attend.
you can anyway
Louise, How would you like me to proceed?  Thanks!
I plan on attending the dinner.
1.8 Bcf is the average of actual throughput per day.
I am OK with their comments.  Who is the correct "Counterparty" for this guaranty?
yep I went shopping yesterday
Chris,  Do you know yet when we will be receiving these?  Thanks  Ken
No eagle, huh?   love, jess
please tell me that you did not move out.  and why didn't you buy some this morning?
it looks great
the problem is that I need to go at noon.
I'm not too sure yet...I'm going to try to leave around 3 or 3:30
Is Thursday night, "Man Night" for "those kinds of men" too???
would you like me to participate?
yeah.  i couldn't get an opp to  talk to her. did you know her
or tattoo, Fantasy Island was around there somewhere.
what
Sorry to keep you in suspense! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
No.
absolutely
What time does the game start?
Do you want your safety glasses?
Oh, I like dirty, not work talk
Please see the attached.  
Here are the forms you requested.  Jonathan R Lane Global Performance Management Ofc (713) 345-7733 Fax (713) 646-5840
i dont know
If you haven't paid your dues by Sunday you will begin to forfeit.  Total dues are $140.
what do you mean
Shelley:  Are you available for lunch today?  Your calendar shows you are open at 12:00.   Brad
Lunch sounds great!   Any time is good for me.  Just holler. Sara
I have an 11 meeting, so can we meet in the lobby at 11:45?
Can i bring your male admirer?
u have my permission to change it
i knew you would say that.  i'll get as much as they have.
Yes
Out of office but have people working on info -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
we will have to throw him out
I will be leaving probably in about 30-45 minutes
Kim,  I'm working on finishing this up - can I get you the price tomorrow morning?  Thanks, Kelli
what are you talking about?
you would be so bored
I will call him again on Monday.  Do I get a commission.  Just kidding.

Check out Todd's response to Nicole for a good laugh ...
You are a riot...if I get you the Ppesche, can I at least ride in it sometime?
Please?   I'd like to stay in touch..
Can one of you resend me the unarchive shortcut to 2000 data?  Stacey
Rebecca, 	Should I pay Tenaska?  Amt is $12,000  Thanks, Elsie
My pleasure.
okay...up or down???
could be, not necessarily   the bidders have the option on all or partial
I've put it on the calendar.  I'll check and make sure you actually got to take it.
sweet ... what's the news down there?  has Jeff told y'all anything?
Looks good to me.  Should John Duschinske and Greg Porter be listed on the officers for Transwestern?
that's fine...i can meet you by the elevators for the parking garage
to check out the weather
you sure...I know I don't add much value, but I do not want to put stress on everyone else. PL
will you send me the rules? and do we have a website?
Mark:  Who replaced Andy Zipper?   Is Andy still at Enron?  Thanks,  Lisa
Word..when will it be a good buy? 8 ??
Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Legal 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 dperlin@enron 713-853-7658 713-646-3490 Fax
Make sure Fuller pays up.. I know he has some money hidden somewhere.. thanks. BT
What the hell is going on?  That sucks!
OK TX
In houston tomorrow afternoon until thursday.  what is going on?
are you there?
Can we move it to 4:00 or 4:30 as my meeting is still in progress.
What time do you want to head over to Downing Street tonight?  JK
   Ryan Williams East Power Trading Enron North America (713) 853-4793
Where has he gone?   M
Phillip - I need login ids for everyone.  Thanks, ST
Bad day?
should i put the word in for you to trade the futs for ene estate ..
Chech this out:  http://espn.go.com/mlb/news/2001/1018/1265903.html
what is the except becky stuff all the time.
Mark -  Was it Ian Brungs from London that called with the ETA question?  Mark
I think he should report to Gaskill and Will (is will doing fundies?)
Hard times - but we're all behind you.  Keep going.
Did you get my message concerning being out sick Friday and rescheduling?
i'm sure everyone sitting around you does too!
Could you have someone put together the trader performance spreadsheet for November?  Thanks, Stacey
you're going to be done before I can get off
What's story?  This opportunity to sell short/buy puts?
if you dont let me know
can you make a reservation for 8 at vallones at 6:30 today.
ok when?
Importance:	High  Per your request.
Are we gonna drink beer? I'm not really a beer drinker.
Well, when we get off, I will have to take you for a ride in my new car!
i think so
Apologies, but any chance of doing it before noon central, or after 4 pm centra.?
This kind of says it all.
morning! 9 day countdown to vegas!! love you!! 'Q'
i didnt
youre rude
What's the status with it???
Check out Todd's response to Nicole for a good laugh ...
I remembered to bring them.  Maybe we can get together later today.  DG
Tim, another question about stock options.
does it take awhile for my access to NACAL-SQWS001D to take effect?
Please submit...   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
whats up? how was your holiday?
Correction.  Ignore first email below.  1477533	1477534	1477535	1477536	1477537	1477538	1477539	1477540	1477541	1477542	1477543	1477544	1477545	1477546	1477547	1477548	1477549	1477550	1477551	  1477558	1477559	1477560	1477561	1477562	1477563	1477564	1477566	1477567	1477568	1477569	1477570	1477571	1477572
is that a yes
Mieco updated.  Stephanie
on our floor?  ofcourse.  why wouldn't you be?
Do you have it with you?
Considering what?  More bad Enron news? :( -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Can you tell what Sales deal this is going to?
i don't remember what it said exactly
Well, have a great weekend and I will give you a call when I get back!
can you get rid of my headache?
barely
what fangs
or somewhere
you're fired.
ok
are you working out accross the street
what do you do?
i think this is fairly final... I added one more question.   
I got a new haircut!
youre lying you cant wait
Went to the gym. Missed my window. Try again tomorrow.
You're the man.
your WHEREAS clause is fine. We can develop a list but again it usually  only covers a specific transaction
Amy,  I am interested in these opportunities.  Thank You, Holden
confirmed
now you're supposed to tell me how excited you are.
   Peggy,  Slide # 5 has the pulp flow map.  Monika
We ended up scratching this trade, so make sure that both legs end up in same book.
try this   << OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
nope, are you?
You still alive?  How is beautiful Houston?   Stewart
Please let me know if Dan should attend or if you need more information.  Rika
whatever, bye!
stop
Sure..I probably won't be able to come by until after lunch though.  Susan
FYI.  Received the following message from Cheri.  Looks like we are in agreement through the 20th.  Jan
ok great. Noon downstairs in Lobby to show you fabric.
no now in front of everyone.  it is sleeting in dallas!!  i need to go there.
you are in trouble
you are such a baby!  i was joking.
Damon --  Good idea.  I'm out early next week. How about next Thursday?  Jim
good grief
I assume they are focusing on Enron's credit quality.  Correct?  Ray
This password does not work, please correct this as soon as possible.  Thank You  Larry May 3-6731
um, how about next door
Debra,  I think this is the wrong attachment. It looks to be an amendment with Avista.  Judy
Oct02-Mar03 offered at .01 Jan03-Feb03 offeed at .02  Regards,  Jon
you cant unfortunately
just the messanger
What time are you leaving today?
Thanks for the update.  We will respond.
Please include my name on the list of interested people.  Thank You,  ryan
you're welcome!  you need to cheer up.
i forgot to pack my toothpaste, long story
In what capacity?  Is that instead of Marcus Datson?
Harris
Marie,  Are you free for lunch today - Jane and I need to escape.
I want to leave so bad!
$10
Tim Miller 281-366-4965
nice to just leave
my thoughts exactly..my boys said thanks for the practice.
thats my goal
I'm gonna GETCHA
I feel like a moron
Receipt is in the fax.
what ya want?  who gets the movie?
Sensitivity: Private   Did you see your name was in the paper yesterday ?
sure..i don't have a phone, hence no message
Milly just told us too.  I hope the market doesn't hate that news.
I haven't heard back form Tom yet, but everyone else is going. Can you get in touch with him?
yep.  then tell me why since you are so smart.
Nicole Mendez  Sr. Administrative Assistant EWS - Financial Operations EB 2375D Phone: 713-853-1431 Fax: 713-646-5997
cool.
I thought by now you would have offered to let me drive that new car.
also, who use to do the smurfit invoice and who is their boss - do you know?
This report does not include the Red Rock expansion contracts.  Dennis P. Lee ETS Gas Logistics (713) 853-1715 dennis.lee@enron.com
My location number is 3206b.  pls forward packet. Thanks. BT
Lisa-  The deal is fixed.  V
Here are the EOL slides
Please click the link to receive the contents of this system-wide notice. http://www.nrgexpressway.com/servlet/nrginfo.ew.notices.ShowNotice?bulletin_id=91121001
hmm.  i think that you are lying.
hey boys am i driving with you on friday and if so what time'er ya leaving?
Hi Marie, Can you confirm that this would cover Power transactions? Sarah :)
Did you ever get an answer for Frank?  Stacey
I remember when you used to say Good Morning..   
How about 2 this afternoon.
John,  Can we keep closing the Bridge at 3pm for this week?
ready
You're on for WEdnesday!
test  Mark McConnell Transwestern Pipeline Company 713-345-7896   office 713-822-4862   cell 713-646-2551   fax mark.mcconnell@enron.com
you're cute.
he is out until thursday due to death in the family. if urgent, let me know and I will reassign
i didn't know that you set the rules.
FYI
she starts at 12:12
20M margin plan is included in this presentation.   Trey
FYI Only..know anyone?  I'm keeping a file.
You got the wrong guy.  Thomas Martin
you know, the phone works too.  you don't like to talk on the phone, do you?
Anybody up for happy hour at Ruggles Enron Field after work?
ok grouch
Phil, lets take Centana off the forcast. I dont think anything is going to happen that fast.
Steve, I did not see your name.  Don't you usually approve these?  Thanks. Lynn
I do not have a problem with it.  John Buchanan
you should be working on your resume
now i know you're lying.
Importance:	High  This is so-o-o blatant.
so your proposing we are going to the stabbing cabin. go to tampico
Marie,  Which Deemed ISDA is for me to use on W1597.1 for weather?  Thanks, Becca
Was Elizabeth Shim on the list?  I can't remember.  Mike
He has already called me and I've returned his message with my own message.  MM
Do you have aol or msn?
i do miss it, we will talk tomorrow,
We are working through that issue this week.  Michelle
give me the explanations and i will think about it
the hr needs of the gas trading floor
Kori,  Please tell me which ones are yours.  Thanks,  Errol
so - are you going to sign on with reliant or eprime or cinergy or who??
We will try
deal

Kay,  Please see the attached.   
oh really, what did you have in mind?
Will Keith Marlowe be in attendance?
i'm going to dallas tonight
goin to the beach w/ pete
yes you are
Thanks - much appreciated.
sure,  who is the trader listed on the deal?
yes.
Alan: I will be sitting at Gautam's machine come next Tuesday.  Does that still matter. Ben
okay, I will...this week!
i don't get it
$10
oh well, ok lets go im bored
are you going to blow me off for dinner again tonight?
Please be sure to send me an email regarding changes, and write them on the schedule. B
Do you need $US v Euro, Yen?  Yana Kristal Enron Industrial Markets (713) 345-8497
FYI
Michelle, This is the imbalance you were talking about...right?
me

By any chance have you found my pager in your car?
I missed half of it but it was pretty good.  Ben found out thatDFelicity cheated on him
did you send this to Louise and John L?
Are we still working on Crawford???  DL
Closeups of the WTC...
Chris I need to get these numbers from you.  Thanks,  Paul  X3837
Importance:	High Sensitivity:	Confidential  Steve will be staying, so let's move the no(1) to yes(10). Thanks!
I think he's on the offer, looking at a few things. I'll not forget you angus..
i know im all talk, ill be down in a little while
ha...no roping...seriously..you got to figure it out for yourself..who knows what the heck i'm doin..ugh
Did you decide your price yet?
Thanks for the treat this afternoon.  We appreciate it!
My official post ID's from Nov. 30th are 1424131 through 1424152, and 1424156 through 1424167, and 1424262 through 1424279.
absolutely
i join your anger

Please circulate to west gas Orig group.  Thanks. BT
where did you go?
See what you think of this effort..  
its those funny pills
  I've revised spreadsheet for ENA Teams.
Any NDAs for the referenced company.  As usual, it's for EOL business...
now you're supposed to tell me how excited you are.
Here is the address:  hrglobal.enron.com  login is 9# pw:  YYMMDD if not, try your PEP password
its easy you are going there for work
Yes, Barry Pearce is on the list.  I'll make the alterations indicated below.
See below   JWB
that sounds good 9 it is.  we will go for beers regardless
Did you go this morning?  If not, do you want to go after work?
Who is our HR rep?
What about Oz, Heather and Mark? -- Dan Lyons
finalizing due diligence. do you have the ingaa/aga report you referenced in our meetings?
503-819-7783
ok, so would you rather me just meet you at your house?
you pulled a bobbie boushay on us. that's alright.  i had a blast.  ckl
I can't buddy... Paul has me doing a bunch of stufff
I agree.  Great job!
I will get them done today.
nope. she is out all week.  that could be a good thing.
no overlap in EES - have you written yours, or are you just going to retire...  ha ha
Stacey,  I have a question for you regarding the Texas RPS and offsets.  Thanks,  Richard
Linda --  Have you heard anything from DOE on this??  Jim
Chris, Have you alerted the Settlements person handling New Power?
Mark, Do you want me to go ahead and e-mail these?  I'm waiting for Kennedy's.  Theresa
Importance: High   Sent to 8 -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Thursday is ok with me.  Lynn
what do you mean
   Thanks! Elena
Did you connect with Lee?
how much do we owe them?
I have not done any deals with Sierra Pacific but will pass on to Steve South.
Attached is a draft CA.  Let me know if you have any questions.   
Here's the Fortune link...  http://www.fortune.com/indexw.jhtml?channel=list.jhtml&list_frag=list_5columns_powerwomen.jhtml&list=22&_requestid=3612
you are absolutely wrong
Bill,  We haven't missed it for a long time, but thanks for the heads up.  Jim
are you going to walk out with me?
Jeremy, Errol approved changes. where can I find the scripts to run in production?
yes
You were not given access to AEP.
Just bought 180 shares of Rio Alto..
whatever.  so i was right about your puff break wasn't i?
Bob, please proceed with your choice. Jim  Jim Derrick
Andy won the fastest finger contest.  I'll ask you first next time.
Steve,  What was the Oneok issue?  What does Ann mean by "ETS was releasing gas to Oneok"?
Please test deal #s YC2929.1 YB6452.1 YB7841.5
Like who Anderson? Rio Alto? Canadian?
Monika, did Karen ask you to do a company analysis on Weyerhaeuser!
Sure.   12:15?
Do you still need me to sign something -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
around 4:00, i am going to smoke now if you feel like taking a walk
whatever.  i admit i brought it up, but i don't know why.
is this a test?
what are you doing?
No comment
moulds for mack... O
are you there?
so is that your way of telling me tha you are moving?
Tell me.
Tracy,  can you send us a copy of what was submitted for TW-  thanks   MK
thats not allowed
DUH!!  I want company.
Thanks.  What is the latest on the timeframe for getting a physical power license?  Dave
where?
yep, it makes me cough
Are you down there now?
why maybe
In line with the rest of the organisation  Base:		$200,000  Signing:		$100,000  Equity:		$250,000 equity (50/50) on signing
east is done. PL
Here we go!
Around what time should I tell them they can start?
The Master Agreement and License Agreement mention that you have "Customer Data".  Is this wrong?  Jim
Larry and Raetta, do we need to communicate this to the teams?  Thanks. Lynn
Western Civilization was getting old anyway..we'll create a new and improved civilization.
why are you ignoring me?
i guess you didnt hear me talkint to you
do you have a #...he called when  i was in a meeting
you don't know how much I miss it!
Sounds good.  11:30?
OW,   Was this passed through Janet Wallis?  D
Thanks.  Do you know why the meeting with Jeanerette was cancelled and when it will be rescheduled?
Check this out.
Dude..stuff it up your sensitive ass.
Did we send him the names?
Here is the same list seperated by physcial and financial   
either..the man is one, giant stress ball..lost hair, overweight..just look what i have to look forward to
Alejandra, there is no attachment
very funny.  so when are we leaving?
Melba,  On location #1--I want the name to be NGPL/MANHATTEN--is this too many characters?
I am not aware of any changes, are you?
no i'm not.  take that patch off.
i think that they call that withdrawal symptoms
How about Canada?  John
I can't top that.  Except.. deep shit? sorry, didn't mean to degenerate into profanity.
not burned
what is your home address?
All done!
7 Jan 2002  does this still work? Sally Gilbert-Smith
you are in big trouble
it's not hard for me to understand it, i just don't believe it.  i think you're lying.
whats going on at the museum?
doing anything this weekend
Okay, have a good night
We are meeting until 5 tonight. When can I call you?
Know anything about these deals?
just bot them.  I'll save one for you.  just let me know asap.
looks like a black lab day
Are you going to UBS?
Importance:	High  Did you want me to follow through on Eric or do we want to pass.  Thanks.
- WC deficiency notice.doc 
no, i have to run some errands after work.  are you?
ok how about now
whatever, you're the perverted old man.
guess what song is on?
fine!
what's that?
it was fun but i am so tired today
why are you asking me that?
I am leaving early to.
I wonder who is left.
Do you have time to discuss today?
Please check wrt accuracy and grammer. Thanks.  -- Vince Kaminski vincek@cs.stanford.edu  - Resume-1.pdf 
Am I the only RAC VP w/o an office?  Did we run out of space?
I'll be up for whatever.
skirt
hey, whats up
Importance: High  Are you still here? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
alright, i hope you're ready to buy me dinner again.
Do you have his home phone # ?  Thanks!   Charlie
what is your home address?
Louise,   I think you are looking for another Michael Miller (I'm with ENW / EBS).  Sorry ..
Sorry about last week. I will make sure you get one today and find out what happened last week.
I purchased some anti-roll-around pills this morning on the way to work to help make your sleeping environment better!
are you here
I don't have it on my calendar, do we?
What is the curve name for PJM ICAP?
Kim - Is there a particular person in PA I should talk to about this?  Thanks.
I'm not sure that we have enough candidates to bother.
We'll give you our 3rd round pick next year
I'm free tomorrow, how does that sound?
there is your precious ONE deal for the month.  It only took 3 weeks to put it in.
Do you want to pre-meet?  Are we still scheduled to meet tomorrow at 1:30?  Location?
While you were busy working on a valuable piece of business, Skilling, Lay and the rest were robbing the safe.
What is going on?  Send me an exciting sexy email to wake me up.
still here! lets do msn
okay - plan on 11:45. what are you wearing - shorts or jeans?
sorry to diappoint you, but wet sweater.  and you still have issues
Can you do this
Clint,  The Reliant zone graphic is attached.  Lance
Jon Mckay will manage Brad's products.  What products had we assigned to Pete?
http://www.thestreet.com/markets/detox/10003703.html
ya don't say?
ok
Are we sure that the above counterparty is US and not Canadian?
no I dont know how it works, and who told you
Well ... they got some of it right.
you tell me why and i will seriously think about it.
Agreed.  Thanks Stephanie.
would you check to make sure that this jives with our list??many thanks  bng
Have you checked out the demonstration version?  http://www.platts.com/gas/products/808/demo/index.html
By the way, what is POR?
Why don't you get cowan to get you a deal on a PT cruiser, I heard he loves those things..
How can you leave all this ? and Houston...the best place to live(I'm serio= us)
Hi Kim,  	Did that procedure work for you?  -Ed

Here is a draft of an extremely simple termination letter.   
I'm here - my 11 got cancelled.
Not nasty.  Just truthful.  :)
What is the status on getting NG Energy's Contract ready?  Sylvia
Importance:	High  Lynn...Do you have a couple of minutes to discuss this note from Tim?
you guys should be up here
yep
I think it's time for our semi-annual sushi dinner..
jan04-feb04 offered at .025/MMBTU  Regards,  Jon
Are you coming??  Nicole Mendez  Sr. Administrative Assistant EWS - Financial Operations EB 2375D Phone: 713-853-1431 Fax: 713-646-5997
Thanks I needed that today! -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home.
Will do.  OK to list you as the "Contact Person"?
luis - you love heating oil
Just making sure there are no problems with this migration.  John, did it work for Portland?  Stacey
I'm afraid we are leaning toward the 16th now.  I hope you can still make it.
What is your status?  cmm
hey, are you here?
i'm not married or do I have kids.
you have my check right... O
im not, that was very cute,youre killing me
this is apparently falling apart as I type this.  For your reading pleasure, I send the attached.
i dont know its a long way
f yourself than
SS and MH. See addition of Deutche below. thanks.sg
WHat?
sure
I just re autoscheduled the 26th.  Let me know.  Thanks  lisa
Okay...sounds good!
All of the West Desk is now in your contact database for you to download to IPAQ
List of the final Post ID for the Estate,Bankruptcy and Performing Post ID's for gas and Power.
No problem.  Come see us when you want it done.
that's cute.
i guess, but it gets old.
Do you have good taste when it comes to picking out women's clothes?
Vince,  Wish you a Happy Birthday and a wonderful year ahead!  Shalesh Ganjoo
Because you would beat them back right?
i am incredible
I missed being there!!!
This actually went out for signature yesterday afternoon.
I am familiar with the Mancini option, but I don't know who this person might be.  Any ideas?
thanks for the update!  have a good weekend if i don't see you!
please...
that shouldn't be a problem.
I updated the Physical Power Transactions Termination spreadsheet as of 1-16.  Stacey
FYI.
Michelle said the Third Party Storage Tariff sheet is #304.  Thanks. Lynn
HELLO??  LISA
Is that his name???  Dawn
Doesn't matter, I just need to get copies out to people asap.  MDEA is trying to terminate.
Your thoughts? Frank
next thursday
so YOU watched it??
Hey Vik,  Do you know how often he publishes this?
Oh yeah!!! I'm down with that..

I could probably do by phone and may be here.
See notes below.  Any chance of opening before November 20?
Do you remember these trades?  Laurel
- APB Merges NEB 9-27-01_1_.doc 
I am trying to get a babysitter tinight what are you doing
FYI
it will probably take me until then, so where should we meet
what are we going to do with the extra 4,000?
  Thanks,  Fran
what is your commission?
Tim, another question about stock options.
only for the night
no shit?  That is great!
it's on the sasme night as Felicity
Do you have an aol address?
but you owe me a brand new bmw.
are you here today brat?
The good news is, we don't owe a mediation fee, right?  Lizzette, I'll give Jack a call.  Michelle
so is kori in today
Paul,   PJMUpdate1.xls should be working. -Rao
hey!  why are you ignoring me?  that's not nice.
Kelli,  Could you send me the NCPA worksheet?  thanks,  Kim
Warner cable ph#713-462-9000
Someone should probably try to call him.
was this just gas? or gas and power?
What voting buttons?
So where is his great statement on DA?  IS that a tar baby now?
take-out, wine, and movie?
You there?
now its a party
are you mad at me or something?  you are being a jerk.
ill take that bet
yep i agree
Liz,  Does Gregg have an org chart for NETCO that I can take a peek at? Frank
good point
im not i was  just in a meeting
you better not.  you better not EVER tell anyone about that.
both inside and outside ene ( i heard from kayvan this morning) JA- youngest MD at Christmas odds?
I liked my drawing better
Just send an email to the Body Shop.  Thanks Jennifer
C'mon guys...comments about which # you like the best!!!
nope.  he is going hunting.  see nothing has changed.  :)
I am available from 9:00 a.m. to 11:00 a.m. (but not after 11:00 a.m.) and after 2:00.
What's the status of these LD's?  Thanks, Elsie
ok
how's the breakdown going?
don't forget to send the hedge report for the week.  k
I think we both know the real truth
when?
It's great news having you stay. Larry
Nice work
What is the mailing address for the Calgary office?
gocha, not a bad idea.  chris_germany61@hotmail.com	 2701 Revere St #221 Houston, TX  77098  home 713-527-0534
you have to sign in.  you are logged out.  John John says hi.
I have not heard this
Importance: High
i dont know what time are you
Lunch is hard to do. After work one day would be better.
   Mary E. Clark Director, Internal Communications Phone:  713-853-7325 Fax:  713-853-6790 e-mail:  mary.clark@enron.com
I wish! I've been sitting here trying to figure out how I can see you today.

Around Houston, ya dill wacker.
the one on the second floor in the other building.
Tana ---  Do you have an ETA on when this customer will be blessed?  Thanks, Griff
The Master Agreement and License Agreement mention that you have "Customer Data".  Is this wrong?  Jim
what about London ?
If I picked 6102, why am I getting 6103?
price was GDA
Mine says you are not logged on.  Send me a message.  Your boyfriend Dave Fuller says hi now.
pual buachman is the trader , can not say that i know him though
Gerald,  Have we sent or received these executed contracts?  kim
can't play - maybe we can pick someone up there
Taria,  Thanks for your help, I really appreciate it!
The new data are out from the CPUC.  Only reported as of 8/31/01.   
whatever
do you have msn messenger set up ?
good wrap! Thanks,   Dave
good morning my love, i cannot oper it call me.
Sure thing.
We can't open this!
yep, around 12:30
they're giving away a porsche boxster or a cardboard boxcutter?
Importance:	High  JOHN, NO LIST ATTACHED.  PLEASE RESEND. THANKS, NELLA
you didn't answer me.
You guys could be off to the "drag" races.
they are lighting the tree on wednesday in ny!  we are going to miss it.
Gary:  Please get back with Neal Gerstandt (345-2709) regarding the cost of such a flight.  Thanks.
when do I get it
it would be during the olympics...could make some good contacts  i'm done taunting
I don't know.  Which entity did the weather trade?
have you had any feedback since we last talked?
Frosty the Snowman..
Kevin,  What meeting is this that Harry is talking about?  Thanks Tjae
settle came out at 2.878
Are you going to do this or do you want me to?
i will be pissed if i can walk out of this party
This is truly funny.. !   (See attached file: pic27593.gif)   - pic27593.gif 
let's go
Did we ever get these back signed???  -Dan
what is your office location?
Rika,   Looks good to me!  DB
If you are bored, would you please shepherd this letter going out?
probably
Sure.
T.Jae Black East Power Trading Assistant to Kevin Presto off. 713-853-5800 fax 713-646-8272 cell 713-539-4760
Sounds good to me!
everyone else paid up front
Those would be products managed out of London.
fyi
Move completed. Please let me know if you have any questions.  Thanks Sanjeev x5-3816
Yes, thank you.  How much do I owe you?  Stacey
send me that article about invasion of Iraq
How about an offer for jan04-feb04 also?  Thanks, Jim
7:30?
thats not allowed
Books that need to be set up.
oh come on, nothing material, this is more like truth or dare type stuff (j/k)
i heart you..
FYI.  Sempra may have some opportunities..here's their new org chart..  >   >  >  <<120701_utliityorgchart.doc>>
Thank you!  I'm glad you're pleased!
I got 32C2 for next Wednesday from 1:30 - 2:30.  How does that sound? PL
im only teasing, although i have been thinking about it
Please send to me and I will forward...

Hi Joe, Can you tell me what times the wires were sent today? Shemin Shemin V. Proctor
whats wrong chet
fyi..
Pls call Marshall Brown  Lisa Shoemake East Power Trading EB3125a Off. 713-853-9194 Fax 713-646-8272
Where is the website for ERCOT? JD
why am i a fink
haha.  very funny.
- 1299113.01 
Oxley is giving me some resistance.  I told him to check it out. Frank
ENRONENESER
Signed non-solicit not a no hire...who did they hire -- Sent By Mark Muller
Importance: High   Thanks Chris.
Can you guys go around and contact these customers to logoff tonight to get the new CQG.  Thanks, Clay
you are VERY slick!
How about TD Bank? Benson and I own some wood.  Chris
The rest should show up by Fedex tomorrow.  Regards,  Jon  
Did you find out about this deposit?
Not to be rude but - what the heck kind of name is Denver Platchy ??
Thank you.
bits and pieces - never really got into Ally  i assume you did..
yes
It will be sometime on Tuesday.  Just call.  ds
Thanks for the sweetness on my pager i am closing a deal right now kq
the new one didn't work either.  please check with IT.
um, i dont know
do you have the scoop him?  lisa
Still interested.  Got Todd on the phone
can you also add Rbhatia and AFay to the access list for this book.  Thanks
John,  Could I get your cell phone number?  Michael Salinas
Yes.  That would be the best product to copy. Thanks Stephanie.  tm
see what happens when i try and have a nice conversation
you're just a busy bee today Chris..
can we shoot for Friday at 9am?
you will.  when are you leaving?
Bryan,  This change was made effective 5/24/01.  Regards, tm
nice, i'm sure you will.  i'll be sure not to answer my phone.
Tracy  Did you change the numbers I mentioned in my message ordo you need that update as well?
ok good, let me know when you want to leave
Sounds great, let me know which day, give me a call, something else I want to speak with you about.
i'll be pissed if i don't tackle some clam
Vince, here is the power prices:  Jason
Do we need to run this by SoCal?
Don't forget, if you get a chance, call your movers today.  They rule your world!  B.
by the way where is my present
you need to get a blackberry
disgusting, i wouldn't do it.  you'd have to pick someone really attractive and then i would do it.
hungry?
Yes, nice wedding, saw Pendy Scott and Todd and drank too much wine.
i already replaced the cds - no big deal...will just dig you about it now and then.  hee-hee.
Dinah L. Schlecht Sr. Market Services Rep. Bear Paw Energy 720-946-3694 (work) 720-530-7758 (cell)
no way.  we're still paying $5000 for new employee referrals
Has this been completed and forwarded to confirms?
Is this what you are looking for?  Jason  
my country club,
i know you dont have time to talk.  so its ok.  we will talksome other time.
sure, love to, but where or at what number to call.  happy new year   Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
here's the gisb.  thanks for your help.  robin 37177
i wasnt
thats not a hint
sure.  Did you take any vacation other than the one holiday?
Thanks. I love you and miss you.
Check out this jacket  http://cgi.ebay.com/aw-cgi/eBayISAPI.dll?ViewItem&item=1022760796
as opposed to

have you faxed the docs yet?
I've bot dan and family dinner last 2 nights, cash coming your way.  Jeff
What a sweet guy you are. You gonna be around Nov. 15-18? I'm requesting some personal Jay-Time.
are you here yet?
Thanks for the cookies - I broke down and had a second!!  Jane Wilhite ext. 35063
Did you not read my first e-mail? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
$2.84 is right, I changed it.  Thanks
How is the little one?  I'm sorry I missed the date!
PERFECT...Black Lab???
kam - could you give me access to view this site please.  my login is mlenhar.  thanks
oh please.  because i was drunk.
not sure.  why?  so you can harass me?
Is this an official request to amend their contract, or will they send that later?  Dennis
Thanks Dutch,   
lets go
Has this adopted?
Shirley, What is the stock price of ENE? --vince kaminski
I'll sell you up to 2 Jun nat gas at 4.565 right now, same as Johnny.
you goin?
Also for deal 1135855  Thank you Chris.
did you get our free agent bids?
we're just going to have to do something about that soon!
Patrice: I hate to ask people but would you mind doing a review for me? Thanks, Mark
thats awesome, ok i will see you tomorrow
Importance:	High  ?
oh yeah i forgot, ill buy you a drink
you better be careful about drinks I think you might be in trouble
Jesus,  What about the first few days of February? My last day is the 31st.  Vince
Kam,  Does this give you what you need?  Phillip
i hope that i can spend some time alone with you today.  even if it is only 10 minutes
not as much as me
How's Glenn doing with my binder?  Lots of Midway activity this week.  Thanks,  Kay
renumber
Family fun   <http://www.osamatron.com/osamatron.html>  ja
sure 15664 kathy
Tammy  Can you add these 5 temp slots on 5  Thanks
going across the street
Sweet..
can you dance
wanna join the truck fundy's group under jen fraser?
March 9th would  be good for us.  Thanks!  Lindy
latest version
you guys taking down #'s @ 9:45 today or is that rumor?
Yes.  That would be the best product to copy. Thanks Stephanie.  tm

Me, too.  My little boy watches it all the time.  Maybe we can watch it together!
What is Asset Marketing's cut of the 500k (kidding of course)?  Glad we got this resolved.  Stuart
Just make sure this is OK.  Stacey
bummer - was he nice to you?
Hey, did you forget about me?
oh i found your peppermints.
what are you kidding about?
I put both tickets in the box next to Sandra's desk.  Thanks
see!  be nice.  do you need alcohol to be nice?
We haven't heard anything on this NDA, have you?
Tom,  What do you think about copying profiles from US Recycled OCC Phy?  Thanks, Stephanie x33465
Kim-	 Let me know if this confirm is ok to go out.  Thanks  Richard  x54886
Overall I would give her a 5.  I would request her again.
ok so let me know what time i need to be at the airport.
No one has said for sure but probably in two to five weeks.
Oouch!
last night?  why?
Thanks Peggy!
OR DA FOOL
Please get this printed - it is not formatted at the moment
Let's go to dinner at Lagrasta's.
Importance: High   can you take thursday and friday off?
I have it
Do you have Bob's phone number?
Joe,  How about lunch on Wednesday with Kathy and me?
sweating
whatever.  that is rude.
no you come down here if you want to visit.  there's not many people here.
did you put that on my desk?
Do you remember the location?  Thanks! A
dutch,  are you on aol instant messenger? if so what's your screen name?  thanks, mn
WHY ARE YOU WRITING IN ALL CAPS!? Heather Kroll
How do the 13th or 20th of November work?
Like who Anderson? Rio Alto? Canadian?
Debra,  Here is the "clean" document as you requested.  sg
Thanks Monika  What about monthly volatility, instead of annualized volatility.  Dirk
deal
hey, theres only room for one of us to feel sorry for themselves
Sorry - but it looks like you'll soon be saddled with a Blackberry
<< OLE Object: PBrush >>
bp corp	Albert LaMore	281-366-4962  running the reports now
I meant 200k and 200k for Sandra.  Grigsby is confusing me.

You're fired.
Jeff,   Any word on where EIM will now go?   Joe
Let's try this again..   Serial # 1J4GW58N41C706876
Ed - do you know who the customer is so we can follow up with them.  Thanks, Leslie
no he's staying...what about you?
ok i will keep that in mind tomorrow night.
Vladi,  Here they are.  Thanks, Kim
<http://www.dallasnews.com/editorial/viewpoints/cox_25edi.ART.a27b2.html>
Vince, What is your opinion regarding the value of making a presentation?  Mike
- Awesome Agenda.doc 
C/P is questioning the price on 1036802 2.645 v 2.6425  Please change / advise
Our traders say Holden Salisbury   Jim
Are you going to join us for lunch? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Thank you.  Will you please convert the positions to contracts.  Mike
Same here!  You touched on everything we discussed.
Kevin,  It's been a busy morning.  I'll look these up ASAP.  Mary
i know , thanks
The meeting is scheduled for 10:00A.M.
this is the report I was referring yesterday.
Hey buddy you know me and deal entry!  i think this is pretty impressive!  Stewart
i think she has gone home.
(See attached file: Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0302.xls)  - Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0302.xls 
Bang, Bang Baby
What is Lynnette's last name?
cockerspaniels are retarded.  why do you think i should get one of those?
Does it have the name change on it?  I could always give it a try..
border is contemplating a buyout of ene...  (joke...sorry, if this was not funny)
this one is funny. hope you haven't seen it.
Louise,  I eliminated one of the examples as Frontera is not the greatest deal.  Tom.   
i wish
Are we going today?  I went for a run out to Sheppard and back yesterday it adds about 12min.
this report is ready to be verified...  Adam Johnson EnronOnline
sun down 1%, vlo down 2.5%... good try pooks.  don't worry, you'll get me next time.
Rosemary,  My cell phone number has changed.  It is 713 416 5059.  Thanks, Kim.
yes  ds
Lets get together for lunch.
<<ENRON2001.xls>>  <<7012_11301z.exe>>
sorry i couldnt resist that
done
Guys, I got the following approved by Whalley. We should sit down and discuss next steps asap
Can you give me 10 minutes?
FYI..
right.
What do you mean draft picks?
Put who up for sale?  Coastal?  Really?  Why?
I would go if you were going at that time.
I saw you in the parking garage this morning.  So, you survived the first round, too, huh?
Susan,  That address didn't work.  Please check it.  Thanks, Mike
You're right Chris; Dominion is charging .0721 for parking.
Let me check w/Louise.
Louise,  Do we continue to wear the risk/reward and carrying charges on the Mitsubishis?  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
Either time is good.  How long do you need.
Please handle for me ASAP.  Thanks.
i am starting to figure you out.
fyi
Dude, this is not by design.  I told you, I'm losing all my cool.
Looks like the market ain't crazy about our 10Q. You get the go ahead from Whalley on PG&E?
to tell me that he is ready to make the three of us his little bitches at dynegy.  ckl
just got on.  u listening to loretta?  sounds like it's all about demand-side programs.  jeff
Importance: High  Sarah,  This is what A.W. sent me.  Joe
you around for a few minutes.
Good Morning Debra,  Just wanted to check on how things were going with the agreement.  Robin :)
Vince:  Will it just be Ehud, you, Vasant and Zimin?  Or will there be others?
Should dan attend ?
Do you trade OPAL?  How come prompt month OPAL is never on line anymore? Julie wants to know.
maine impossible to get to ..  next idea?
I'm gonna call Greg Ford right now.
Please do!!
just wanted to make sure that you got this.
Can you have lunch on Monday?
I'm a little nervous actually commenting that we have Shipper imbalances.  Here are my comments.   
Thank you!
okay
Jose,  Mike suggested we push the briefing to Monday morning.  Vince
looks like a fix has been put in place.  thanks  bob
Are you related to Paulo Pereira?  I seem to remember something like that?
Does anyone have the PG&E Energy Trading Margin Exception file???
which game is it?
FYI R2
Our game is at 6 this week. Let me know if you're in.
Guthrie:  are you planning on attending?  Is this the asset purchase?
Can you get me an Index offer for TCO pool, 5000/day for the following:  0ct02-mar03 jan03-feb03  Thanks, Jim
Vince,  Thank you very much for the lovely flowers. I am enjoying them every moment.  Zhiyong
I was thinking Manager given his work experience.   Is that a problem?
Please forward exceptions for November 1 - 15, 2001 pay period.  Thank You, Kathy
Stan's meeting with Phil's group is at 2:00 today in 2AC12 - Forum.
Is she full time?
Tana,   Here they are!  Stacy  
Manicure too please
Kim, Great find in replacing Bruce!
this is a test to vince.j.kaminski
Did we take the money against this from the nymex swap? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
Nicole
I'll take a look at this today, Chris.
Just make sure you work with Kevin he made need assistance  -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
FYI.
Did you guess right for the free cable?
I know. How about next week?
It was a good service. Very sad. Jonathan's family is doing well I am told.
If there was ever a reason to re-think employment at Enron/Dynegy..here it is:  http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/business/1129874
DecisionQuest has asked to make a one-hour presentation to us.  Any interest?
Marie,  Jane and I are going to lunch at 11:30.  Can you join us?
Raetta, did you ever get a response on this?  Thanks. Lynn
NGPL notified me yesterday that they are ready to flow FT asap at the NGPL/Eddy point.  Lorraine
Kev,  Enron is reimbursing my travel expenses.  First Class!   DP
message to call back?
What is your issue sir? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Whom can you recommend? So many people have left.  Vince
Are you in ???  Meredith and I have already paid.
Attached is a revised form of affidavit.  Please review and provide any comments asap.  
Arnold,  Why has the mainline estimate gone from 174.61 miles to 238.6 miles?
Please see the attached message:  Keegan Enron Wholesale Services 713-345-3317
you are SOO GOOD!!
Please see attached.  Ken Powers (402) 398-7065
Do you see the subject line?  Turn on your yahoo.
when can we discuss this?  thanks
Karen,  I was out last week.  Do you still need any help?  Mat
Did you get the message last night that the banks pulled it out for us?
http://www.eteamz.com/oakcreekcudas/  Tom,  Do you like these colors better?   Lyne
anybody have the cahones to play some golf on friday afternoon.  probably champions

How's Kochel doing?  Did he get married?
I think I still need the data sheet for this corp.  Thanks
Does he have groupies?
Earthsat requires a password for enron, what is it ?
Good job, team  http://www.microsoft.com/windows/windowsmedia/en/business/demos.asp#darden
I'm back -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Thanks Tana ...that was great.
Mark and Julia: FYI re potential attorney needs.  Jim
Thanks Janie!!  Are you just loving the fact that you had sold all of your stock or what?!!
   Rosemary Gracey Marketing - 402/398-7431 rosemary.gracey@enron.com
My mom of all people listens to this station all day long. What do you think?
Stan  I haven't heard from the fellow from El Paso
And you thought your brother was the die-hard liberal..
Can you tell me how to attain access to this info?  B.
Importance:	High
Dutch,  Here's the quote sheet starting in August.   Thanks,  Charlie   
Elizabeth: Should Travis attend this too?  Carol St. Clair EB 3889 713-853-3989 (phone) 713-646-3393 (fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Your suppose to feed a baby milk not  beer
Importance: High   What are the units. I want per mmbtu -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
(See attached file: Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0402.xls)  - Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0402.xls 
http://www.canadianbusiness.com/rich100/listindex.asp
Who will/can sign the turbine contract for Enron?  Thanks,  Kay
Gents--  I've got reservations at Ruth's Chris for four people at 5 pm tomorrow nite..let's chow!  D

Jayshree,  I j found three more minor nits.  
Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers. PL
Be sure to send when you get a chance.   Thanks, Kevin
Did you get the DSL/Roadrunner? I hate dialing up.
Did you close?
   Chris Choate Enron Networks (713) 853-7370
Are you working on this bill for Wild Goose?
What happened to the guy with the paper to sign? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Here you go!   
i was just playing.  so do you remember what you babbled to me on friday?
so my videos should be arriving today.  oh and i did make fun of your shirt earlier.
Would you please e-mail me the Mojave indexes for Nov, Dec, Jan, and Feb  thanks
See attached file   
yes,
I 'm the Enron contact for flag football.  My ext 3-9696.   HXD
Importance:	High  Next time ask Jim to call me. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)

Can you do mine?
I thought that the train got "egged" this weekend by 2700 Huevos?
Perfect.  Was your brother disappointed that we had to let his dance partner go earlier this week?
Decision of Commissioner Wood   Thanks?  Brown going to vote for it?
don't fuck with me or my milita
Do you have Tod's number? I wanna knoe the status of our sofa
Um no sir -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Importance:	High  Does anyone have the file for Barrett Resources Corporation?  Stephanie
Phillip,  Do you think you'll have time after lunch today for a little lesson??  Jim
=20
Sorry about the delay.  I have just been covered up.  Here it is.   
Am I scheduled to attend?  Jim
are u getting tired? Let me know if you wanna go to the furniture store! Love me
we play the broadband ballers at 9.  anyone interested? do you think they'll show?  let me know
Please let me know if I have a conflict with any of these dates.  Thank you.
I will be out of the office beginning Wednesday 3/13 through Wednesday 3/20.  Matt
6/26 - DEAL 664367, NY TRANS ID 50711, NY SHOWING 2,963.82 MW WHILE ENPOWER IS SHOWING 2,679 MW
Importance: High   Sent to 8 -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Yeah!!
get them?
I talked to him - he wants Mexico  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
To whom should a check be written to?  American Heart Association??
<< Message: Sept. 13 Sen. Rules Cmte hearing >>
I am not sure these are right for my experience.  I have not ever traded power.
you got it, you still employed?
you are mean!  aren't you supposed to be nice to me at least part of today?
SEC's Pitt Promises Swift Probe Into Enron Dow Jones News Service, 11/30/01
mine is:  home 281 532 4627 email randyshona@hotmail.com  Best regards
FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron.
check out this site www.christiancouns.org/index2.html  I am sorry...I don't know what to do.  I am so sorry.
Oops!!  I have a meeting at 11am.  I will not be able to attend.
Necessary items for the baby are down below with blue web links.
Can you give me the name and phone number of your decorator?  Thanks.
Has anything happened on this? Has credit ever responded to you?  Rich Friedman Enron Global Markets LLC richard.friedman@enron.com 713-853-5137
have an ethernet card? also -- what was the password again?
good afternoon. hope everything is going well.  please let me know if you receive this. love, nm
hi jon! let me know if you get this.  its on my new sky tel pager  Beth Jenkins
If something does come up this weekend regarding work. I am definitely available to help.  John
   Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning?  Thanks.
Brilliant, thank you.  All we need now is your presentation...  Angelika
Rod Hayslett EB4054 713-853-6178
Please e-mail me your weekly report info before you leave today.   Thanks,  selma  X3-1765
I'd like to buy you a beer at Keneally's if you have a chance...
Here are my thoughts.  Use as you see fit.  Jim   
FYI ONLY - USE YOUR SAME E-TICKET.
This is an early draft document and should be revised, but does explain the spread option structure.  --Stinson

who met with caminus?

Shelly,  I would like to attend.  Mary Fischer
Hope all is well with you, the UBS group treating you well?
FYI - See discussion of RTOs.   http://puc.paonline.com/press_releases/Press_Releases.asp?UtilityCode=EL&UtilityName=Electric&PR_ID=733&View=PressRelease   - PressRel.url 
http://home.houston.rr.com/surrenderownz/auction.htm
Kevin,   Let me know what you think  Rika
I made payment by paypal. Thanks Craig
What is the P&L impact of these transactions to Enron?
No issue from my end.
Send me a final list of who will be trading on your desk.  Thanks.  DG
Bill The information you were looking for. Dan
What were you saying to me?  Was is dirty?  I hope so.
We still on for tomorrow? What's the plan?  Brad
Are you sending an inquiry to Credit on the status of this?
Richard, this relates to the former EI litigation.  I will be glad to sign unless you want to.
Uhh, nu... nuhh,  nuthin!
but here is where we got to.   
Our staff meeting is postponed until Wednesday, October 31 from 4:00 to 5:00 in EB 49C4.   Thanks, John.
What's the first day you have free for lunch?
Importance: High  ** REQUIRE TONITE: REGISTRATION FEES ($10 Enron, $15 Non Enron) **
Pozdrowienia, Piotr
Latest agreement ...
$100 party on Wednesday after work?
Ned:  Per my telephone message.  Jeff
Please submit...   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
Whatever out fates, please keep in touch!  Russell  ridiamond@yahoo.com 713-665-3345
Do we have the money to do what Presto wants?

Are you okay with this?
Let's put a C Note on the UT Colorado game straight up.  Your Texas Idol
Christi:  Would you please follow up on this transmission issue as well ? Thanks.  Ed
Kim- Please let me know if this confirm is ok to go out.  Thanks  Richard x54886
yes
why are we bothering with LOC, I thought we had moved past that ?
I don't know the answer to this... do either of you?  Pls advise.   BT
Did Rogers sign his contract or is he still holding out?
HUBRIS: ex. 1.)--see Portland City Council-- 2.) Reed College
Any news on possible dates?  Let me know please. Rgds, Teo
Please email me Randy Pais and David Marshall's phone numbers.  Thanks. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Melissa's mom will be coming, so we will be sticking around Hous.
given the mess out here, and how long it's been going on, howzabout "deep therapy?"
Monika, where will this pulp mill be? In Germany?
That sounds reasonable.  We will have to talk to the people.
The pipeline meeting with the UBS lawyers was moved to Friday at 3:00.  Power jumped ahead of us.
Elizabeth Sager  713-853-6349
I apologize, please disregard the PEP related message, should have been sent to my IT group.  -Colin
Importance:	High  Attached you will find the weekly report for the week ending of June 8, 2001.  Saludos
Yes, I do get this publication.  A.
was the cash margin given to us pre-petition?
Thanks! Looks good.
YA HEARING ANYTHING ON THIS  GEORGE DOWN--CRUDE FLOOR EVACUATED AND BROUGHT BACK
Just want to make sure that Tom and Sam will be preparing these documents.   Stacey
When do I get to see what they are giving to me?  Rod Hayslett EB4054 713-853-6178
Are you still around?
since you like to watch TV
- winmail.dat 
Are we sure that the above counterparty is US and not Canadian?
Try Mead-230KV  Yes to the Four Corners ones
LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon.
No.  Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner.  We haven't done much on Arizona lately.  Jim
See attached.  Thanks,  Rose
fyi- S. America still needs to be broken out from the EGAS column. EES Wholesale has its own column.
Tanya,  Can you send me your physical address?  Thanks,  Kim
did u get message on deer hunt am i SA lv dad
did you get the word from max that everything is cool to release the $?
Hello out there,  Just a reminder I prefer new, unfolded, crisp bills.  Chris
what happened to the avs?  are they going to shit their pants again this year?
Pls. review the attached draft and provide me with your comments.  Thanks, Maria   
Dutch,  Do you have any extra UH-UT tickets that you would like to sell?
i will check on this.
ey dispute  I'll take a look at this today, Chris.
Andy,  Please forward the deal number(s) for the Nov Nymex match-ups.  Thanks Richard x54886
Mike,  What's your fax number?
Thought you'd like to see this..

FYI.  Is there any disagreement?
FYI  Vince

all the stocks are down, not just enron.
Sarah Novosel asked me to re-send this document.
http://www.nytimes.com/2001/11/07/business/07POWE.html?searchpv=nytToday&pagewanted=print
Importance:	High  Please let me know if I should enter ths on your calendar. Laura
http://www.click2houston.com/hou/news/stories/news-114261420011231-081253.html
Gents, thanks for your help on this!  Ray   
Document attached.  - 2k01 sc design m2.doc 
Tom, tks for the update. I'll get him some Unify training this week  Bob
Do you want me to give you some putting tips before your big match with Stuart Appleby?  Chris
can you call me regarding this
If you are in need of a companion for an alcohol infusion, I stand ready to oblige.
Now that I have your attention, Judy McCarty RSVPed to attend the Nutcracker preview party on 11/8.  Thanks.
comments?  I've sent this to Mark E as well.
FYI...this is not what I'd heard previously!
my stomach hurts from laughing so hard...  you should be ashamed of yourself...  Jaime
Ann --  Do we get this publication?  Jim
Tom, who would be considered "high priority members" of our group?  (see below) Laura
Looks like Dynegy may buy us.
We need to discuss the timing and requirements here before I send this to anyone else.  Thanks
This is truly funny.. !   (See attached file: pic27593.gif)   - pic27593.gif 
Just forget about it, the company will not be reimbursing for attendance this year.
did you have a good weekend?  are you going to the body shop today
fyi...
here is the address  Adams Tree Services 5035 east fifth street Katy Texas 77493
he was copied on that last one. Here it is again john.hughes@cantwellcullen.com
(Account L80-30571) Tour, Status and Protest (COMPRESSOR FUEL)
Ineteresting times at Enron.  Hang in there...
Not always feeling better.  I am very sore today
Please Vote...if you  havent already.  Hint  Hint   - Energy & Power Risk Management Magazine.htm 
Please see attached report on the Plan of Reorganization:  
   Valerie Vela Specialist, Gas Settlements Enron Net Works LLC t: 713.345.8749 f: 713.646.8420
I will take you to Carraba's tonight if you like.  100% of sales go to the fund.  PJH
Did you Say we had something planned for the  weekend of the 15th in December.
What would you think about me pulling a Darin and keeping my options open?  Pretty shitty?
What time do you get off?  Do you want to meet somewhere in between?  Your place?  Brad
Importance:	High  FYI
I tried calling you at work.  Email me when you get in. -- Angelica Paez <ampaez@earthlink.net>
I will be out of the office tomorrow to attend the funeral.
so...are we ever going to do that engagement thing..   Beth Cherry __ Sr. Creative Consultant EnFORM Technology 713.350.1860
it smells like something is on fire down here.  and don't say that it's my brain.
Date:		Tuesday, October 16, 2001 Time:		11:30 AM-1:00 PM. Location:		(Video-42C2/Oma 696/MSP)  Topic:		IT Brown Bag Training Session
FYI
Hi there,  How are you feeling?  Like a million dollars or more like .50 cents?  Laurel
lovely - dinner?
Hey you...  Thought this was interesting...check it out. Not that it's true...but its nice to speculate.  http://www.babynet.com/tools/chinacalendar/chinchart1.htm
Shouldn't we have let this group go?  Why are we retaining them?
John D. Suarez (713) 853-5267 work (713) 443-5267 mobile (877) 597-0646 pager  email: john.suarez@enron.com
Do you have it with you?
Toast with S-Jam for b-fast!  Yummy!
FYI.
Lou just called to see if you are up for dinner downtown tonight at his favorite place?
good job, Frank.
Dave,  If you didn't get this from anyone else on Fri, here it is:  Fletch  
Chris,  Mike suggested I shoot these up to you guys since the fundy's site is inoperable...   
Would you like me to continue attending Jim's Thursday staff meetings, or report in through Robbie?  Thanks.  DF
Did you get your sandwich yesterday?  Sonia Hennessy Enron Networks Phone# 713-345-4858 Fax# 713-646-2443 Location:  EB3103g sonia.hennessy@enron.com
thanks
I will try to pay Duke Field Services  $293543, ASAP
It is on PG&E, so I think it is yours.  Let me know.  Scott
Looks like everything went well. We do not have access to the Terminal Server right now.   John
i could use some positive thoughts.  i am having a cranky week!
We are considering this as a response to an allegation that Enron should consider itself responsible for Visual Bridge liabilities.
Can you have someone run a project report for me on Monday for work order #014107 on TW.  Thanks
This was a great effort, particulalry given how ugly the odds were when it began.  Congratulations.
Do you know who the headhunter was that called on Maggi to do the El Paso thing?
I don't know who drafted this however, how does it look to you guys?  Greg
I'll keep track of the gifts while Tripp opens them.
== Jen Fraser 713 294 9259  __ Do You Yahoo!? Send your FREE holiday greetings online! http://greetings.yahoo.com
Here was the communication that went out most recently.  Hope that helps.
Eddie Gaetchens (?), Marty, and Kevin from Man are coming down Wednesday if anybody is up for dinner or drinks
We must move Anker as a matter of urgency.  Let's discuss.  Thanks
I need to reschedule this afternoons call.  What about Monday morning after 9:00?
pls cancel me for the 3/7 morning session. thx
I'm $2  bid for this spread in Cal 02.
sounds good to me- i'll bring the money over today  Kim
  Holly Keiser Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department Phone: 713-345-7893 Fax: 713-646-3490 Location: EB 3887 Holly.Keiser@enron.com
Hey Mama,  You rolling?
(See attached file: DJ Index 3-28a.xls)  Let me know if this works.  Kate
You still there?  BTW  __ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
Miss Tana --- How 'bout this request --- when will it walk out your door? Thanks, Griff
Kay,  Please see attached.   
give them a once over
<< OLE Object: Picture (Device Independent Bitmap) >>
fyi- is nymex in world trade bldg? rick
Where did you hear that Coselli, Bland, and Christopher were running for the ct. of app.?
Here -
Marie, 	FYI.  Your memo references Morgan.  The email is going out to Goldman.  Thanks, TB
let me see... I also have your printer sitting on a chair in my office..
Sounds good.  Is Marion comfortable with the plan?
9:30 AM works for me.  I will inform Hoang and Demetrics.
thanks -- I've scheduled it -- do you want to come by my office -- Bob
This is where Julie works now
Sorry Morela. I will remove you now from the list. Monika
got this from an unknown source  http://www.weddingchannel.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.OurWeddingGuestView.GOW_Main?accountid=2779794&STORE_GROUP=GA
We need to call them and tell them we did it.  Who should do that?
Hi Greg,  The agreement isn't  attached.  (I do that ALL the time.)  ckm
Heather, Count me in, I'll buy a bike. 100% here I come. B
we can go with 6.  can you leave your jersey for tim to wear?

Your thoughts
If you mean "golf" it's too much; If you mean "gold" it's not enough.  We're rooting for Barry too.
   Rod Hayslett EB4054 713-853-6178
just got on.  u listening to loretta?  sounds like it's all about demand-side  programs.  jeff
Louise  Thanks for inviting Emma and I last night - we had a great time   Neil
Put in -its important  Could you return my books
any preference?
Attached is draft letter to Power Pool:   
   T.Jae Black East Power Trading Assistant to Kevin Presto off. 713-853-5800 fax 713-646-8272 cell 713-539-4760
Hi John,  I hope you are doing well, and have a good Birthday tomorrow!  C
Please review attachment for web posting.  Will posting be critical or non-critical?  	 
Will you still need the GD curves, GD-HPL/SHPCH and GD-WAHA, or can the GDP be used instead?  KK
I'll look at other sizes / kids in her grade and call you back. kh
What is going with the crude position?
I'll be at a wedding, but will raise one to Weller on my own.
Chris How about a 5 dollar bet on the game Let me know Toby
Watch out for these guys - listen to the conference call from yesterday afternooon..interesting.

Are you in today?
Bill The information you were looking for. Dan
Guthrie:  are you planning on attending?  Is this the asset purchase?
Do you know who GTB is and the letter agreement they are referring to?
Fantastic -- clean 'em out.  (how's that for a font?)
we are going to happy hour at Ruggles Enron - dynegy  Field after work.  any interest?
let me tell you that you ROCK
Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers. PL
test  __ Do You Yahoo!? Find the one for you at Yahoo! Personals http://personals.yahoo.com
Can you forward the spreadsheet below to me.  It is no longer attached.  Thanks,  Elaine
Decision of Commissioner Wood   Thanks?  Brown going to vote for it?
Nancy (707) 251-4870 (phone) (707) 265-5446 (fax) "Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
of course I'm here. what's up?? How are you doing?
Do we have enough cars now for everyone who wishes to go?  Jason Moore
how about deep pocket??  you're too cute! :-) kd

Give me the story on the website and when it might be up and running.  Grigsby
Sorry!  The first time I did that, well, that I know of.  Thanks!
Casey,  Here is the file we need to fill out for Ramesh to download into RisktRAC.  
Looks good.  Aslo we ar still on for our meeting on Thursday at 2:30.  Is Leslie coming?
Matt,  Do you have a credit card?
Also, What is Andrew's number? Joe
The place to find the tarriff is at   http://www.mtpower.com/rates/Gas/offsystemgtc.pdf
can you send me a copy of the K?
Let's hold off for now.  More info shortly.  Jeff
Jim Lokay Sales Representative British Parts International 800-231-6563  ext. 548 mailto:548@britishparts.com
   Kysa M. Alport Enron North America (O) 503-464-7486 (C) 503-706-5308
Portland Meeting 11:30am  Please could you attend.
Importance: High   Read post 35207  Patrick Kuykendall Senior IT Auditor WM Internal Audit Services (713) 265-1216
this is good..
Please send me your home e-mail address.  Kimberly Bates East Gas/Origination 713-853-5193 713-646-8453 Fax
Jim Brysch and I are going to lunch at 11:45, can you join us?  smj
Hi Jonathan  Don't forget to send me your job description (word doc will work).  Thanks,  Karen.
hey dude -- what is your Yahoo messanger ID?  I'm logged on as "marcthestewart".
Canyou get me detail then on the capital for the 2 years? -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
My info is correct.  Michelle
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX  77002 Ph:  (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490
Nancy (707) 251-4870 (phone) (707) 265-5446 (fax) "Plus je bois, mieux je chante"
Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi LeBrocq 3-3835
Let O'Neal know if you will be in or out so that we can get some fillers. PL
I'm still in for golf if you are.  I'll bring some knitting in case you decide to bail...
Do we need to have our meeting today? I could sure use the time for some other meetings.  Kevin
Let me know if you see any problems with it.  https://hyperion.eoltest.com:8143/jsp/marketing/homepage/index.html
Tim, Please see below. Victoria
Here are the purchases we are making for the balance of January.   
I can't believe Rich Gannon had another huge game against me.  I better not lose!  Mean Machine
Importance: High  Icon Information Consultants 2424 W. Loop South Houston, Tx 77027 713-438-0919 713-438-0930 (fax) timesheets@iconconsultants.com <mailto:timesheets@iconconsultants.com>
John,  Rob and I are both in for golf on Sunday.  Chris
any interest?
I do know him and I just left him a note to call you.
should we (or can we) bring a gift.
Alma,  I would like to attend the March 21 at 1:30 demo.  Where?  Thanks, Kim.
Have time for a quick trip to Van Loc today?  Meet at the dry cleaner at 11:45?
Miss Tana,  Do you have an ETA on this?  Thanks, Griff
...but I was on the phone.  Do you need a contract?
Good news on the CMS Deal... How much will this be?  BT
Please e-mail me your handicap for the outing on April 28.  Thanks, Becky
Sheetal Patel Enron North America Senior Analyst 713-853-6740 office 713-408-6443 cellular
Please make changes to hot list and send them back to me asap! thanks, Mara   
Thought that you might want to attend one of these meetings.  Cynthia
http://messages.yahoo.com/bbs?.mm=FN&action=m&board=7081781&tid=ene&sid=7081781&mid=63059
got this from an unknown source  http://www.weddingchannel.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.OurWeddingGuestView.GOW_Main?accountid=2779794&STORE_GROUP=GA
Maryland, Florida, Kansas, St. Joseph's, and Kentucky.  All Top 10.  All lost.  DG
you better be getting excited about dinner.  i'm not taking you if you aren't.
Does someone at the Chamber want to see this?
AReM decided to intervene for now and see how/when/if it should get active in the proceeding.
can you also send to 212-902-8248? Thanks a million (make that $250MM).  --
Geoff, Please provide your offer for the attached NGI-Chicago paper volumes.  Thanks, Jesus
are they curtailing your volumes?  counterparties backing off yet?
Kim,  	Looks good to me.
Kim:  NYMEX is up quite a bit...can you update the fixed price? C  
Write me and let me know what is going on.  Your wife,  Janice Buy
Importance: High   Please forward this to those who agreed to sign on
Please check this.
http://www.weddingchannel.com/cgi-bin/gx.cgi/AppLogic+com.wc.OurWeddingGuestView.GOW_Main?accountid=2307481&STORE_GROUP=GA   __ Val Generes eCommerce Technology Consultant Houston 83/75984, 713-837-5984
Please see attached memo:  	 

Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
i'm gonna be there by 8:30.  i'm working out after work, then i gotta go home and change.
No, I've been on a conference call for the past 2 hours.  What's the word?
I may have misspoken this morning when describing the package.  Please contact Rick with any questions concerning the package.
If you want to participate I will include you.
   Larry Jester Enron Power Marketing Inc. Phone:  713-853-5266 Fax:  713-646-8272
will do.  traffic permitting, around 7?
Are you guys making a presentation on the EPNG capacity?
peanuts, not cashews?
hi jon! let me know if you get this.  its on my new sky tel pager  Beth Jenkins
Kim- Let me know if this revised confirm is ok to go out.  Thanks Richard x54886
You should think about getting all the Enron logoed stuff you can.  They'll be great collector's items.
Thanks Tana
Thanks.
Busy are you... I suspected as much. Tuesday is fine... where? Have you had your garage sale yet? Cheers
Mark and Rachel Reinert and Marc and Sheri Bokelman will also be at the concert tomorrow night.
I'm in NM Thur. and Fri..  Alway's available by phone.  Got a time in mind?
When should we leave to walk over?
 Sorry about that.  There was a lot of cutting and pasting involved.
How much sweet gas is in the line?
JOONINNIIii..  I'm ok.  I'm leaving.  Talk to you later and thanks.
look OK?
you da man!
The maid was average at best.  Was the squash game close?
- winmail.dat 
Debra Perlingiere Enron North America Legal 1400 Smith Street, EB 3885 Houston, Texas 77002 Debra.Perlingiere@enron.com 713-853-7658 713-646-3490 Fax
   Can you guys review this posting prior to Tuesday morning?  Thanks.
of course i will do it!  =20
Happy 4th!  -Julie
you and tonight.

Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi Lebrocq 3-3835
What's your fax number?
Please review attachment for web posting.  Will posting be critical or non-critical?  	 
Michael,  Can you remind me who all gets these reports?  Stacey
Importance: High   I will be late on day one. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Put me down for $25.00  NOT PER MILE YOU CRAZY WOMAN>
Please send me your home e-mail address.  Kimberly Bates East Gas/Origination 713-853-5193 713-646-8453 Fax
Susan,  Just wanted to let you know about the update concerning the cash out pricing..
hey. give me a call tonight at 901-528-0914. it is  tuesday the 28th
Thought you would find that interesting.
Deb, I plan to attend.  Thanks, Tom.
FYI.  This must have been the fifth version already for us.
The only change would be the date. -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Do you have an opening for lunch?  JGM
Hola!Qui?n eres y por qu? te tengo en mi messenger?  __ Descargue GRATUITAMENTE MSN Explorer en http://explorer.msn.es/intl.asp
David,  Do you know if we are meeting on Monday?  I haven't heard the final word.  Kay
Sara Shackleton Enron Wholesale Services 1400 Smith Street, EB3801a Houston, TX  77002 Ph:  (713) 853-5620 Fax: (713) 646-3490
For June 21, could you remove routing records for TVA (Into-System)   Thanks,  Corry
New Riley pics at www.geocities.com/reefrashman/riley <http://www.geocities.com/reefrashman/riley>
Please add a deal in March for 17, 18, & 19th for 5,000 a day at HSC GD -.03
Are we using the 750 Case for volumes or something else.
So Billy Braddock just got his blackberry.  What's your boss say about you getting one?
John, did you have a chance to talk to John L about the exec reports setup?  John
Kim: Do you have any write ups on the above projects that were discussed this afternoon?
Send me the details, but it looks a.o.k. for me on the 19th.
Thank you for your email; however, there were no attachments. Would you try again. Thanks, Liz Luthans
http://www.chron.com/cs/CDA/story.hts/features/937901 
deep sleep?
I do not have the document  Thanks, LD
Please send me your hotmail/yahoo account:  Thanks colin_tonks@hotmail.com
FYI
Are you going to the hospital today or would you like to run?
Thanks Marie.  Tracy
See SB 85, below.  Best, Jeff
do you care about japan?  Kimberly Hillis Enron Americas Office of the Chairman 713-853-0681 (phone) 713-646-3227 (fax)
The users I would start with are:  Todd Warwick Frank Cernosek  Stacey
Delta Peak	Delta OffPeak	 R7	-241,232.00	-6,484.00	 R9	16,725.00	-12,743.00	 R11	-14,107.00	12,743.00	 	-238,614.00	-6,484.00	   	Notional Peak	Notional OffPeak	 R7	-253,083.00	-247,715.00	 R9	4,000.00	3,982.00	 R11	-2,400.00	-1,364.00	 	-251,483.00	-245,097.00
Na wypadek ze to jeszcze do Was nie dotarlo.  Sciskam, Andrzej 
FYI Tuesday, October 23 was Jan's 20 year anniversary with Enron.
Do we want them to be under employment agreements?
Don't be cheeky.
Are you still interested in practicing with us on Saturday at Lee LeClear at 10:00am?  Cindy Madi
hope things are going well!   take care hero!   Ragan
Please send me your home e-mail address.  Kimberly Bates East Gas/Origination 713-853-5193 713-646-8453 Fax
Did y'all export, etc.?   Stacey
Check this out. http://www.eonline.com/Gossip/Fashion/Archive2002/020130.html 
does that mean i need to cover
OK HOYT, what is the password/id?
What do you think?
Really?  Any terms of the deal disclosed?
Attached is the FINAL version of the Protocol Regarding Data and Document Migration.
at this rate it looks like it
The Rome mediation scheduled for Thursday has been cancelled.  --Lizzette
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
Let me know if I should contact anyone. Geoff
Just saw your name - I am on a conf call - how are you?
Don't know.  I'll find out.  Any sensitivity if we had?  Thanks.  Best, Jeff
Vince,  Either day is fine for me.  What is your preference?  Shawn
im still here should i go now or are you ready leave
Bod,  Please add Jan Moore to your distribution list.  Thanks, Kim.
Request Complete and GCP changes are Highlighted in Blue.  Albert Escamilla (Global Counterparty)
John, thanks for the update.  Lynn -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
Do you wanna try the new Banker's Hall food court after the market closes today?
   Dave,  Attached is the pulp summary for your meeting with Ray Bowen.   thanks, Monika
Let me know what you think
Also thinking small of back type as well.   
Could someone explain to me what a boca burger is?
stick it! FROSTED FUCK!
Steve - would you like to see these when we send them to the pipeline people?
Anybody have candidates for this?   Tim
Joe,  Per my request, can I please get Basis Bids on the attached volumes.  Russell   
Guys did we decide if we can interview this gentleman?  Thank you
Check it out!  A way for Enron alumni to stay in touch.  Tell all your coworkers!  www.1400smith.com
You still interested in meeting with Edison's CFO?
Please submit...   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
Is Empress traded in USD?  Please let me know.  Thanks,  ML
FYI...  Laura
Decision of Commissioner Wood   Probably. I'll find out later this week.
Thank you. =20 Did you have a nice trip? =20  Best Regards,=20 Julie Clyatt=20 (713) 853-3256=20
Key is Conservative party reaction since they are the governing party..can = you gauge this ?
Could someone explain to me what a boca burger is?
Please ignore my earlier email!   -- I just got it electronically and have attached it for your use!!
Importance:	High  We have this room reserved though facilities for the rest of the year.
When you get a moment
I really think Jeff is a bad choice - let's discuss.
Good call on crude: Sep contract is up ~1.50 since we talked. Vlady.
Good morning.  How are things?  You guys still planning your happy hour on Friday?
Tracy,   Do I need to turn in anything to Corporate for the plan presentation, due Oct 18?
Hi Jeff- can I help with this or was it sent inadvertently?  RJ
Thoughts?
Count me in... Is the beef steak?

Don,  Please determine if you want the following information  Rika  M:\Electric\Transmission

Kev,  Tell me what you think.  Is it necessary to have a better resume format?   DP
sounds great..give me some directions and I'll see you at 6 or so.
No problem.  I've seen the Scooby Phone when I watered the plants...although I didn't see it in action.
Would like to use Mark Spradling/Terry Yates at V&E on a mezzanine structured financing.
Revised per our discussion.  Please forward to Citizens.   
Thanks Jim, it's just what we need.
The fax number here is 541-737-4890.
Here are the documents we reviewed this morning.  
I was amazed.  We had bets going on (I won) while Wood was speaking in tongues.   E
When should we leave to walk over?
FYI
Do you want to go to the Taqueria today so we can got to the Chocolate Bar afterwards?
Not my understanding - Ray is running EIM.
7:30pm-8pm saturday is good? let me know
Please review the following resume  for the position of SPEC SR LEGAL.  HUGHES,HOLLY  ->		00598689.DOC
Is this going to be July 7 or August 7?
When you guys get back into the office, check your bottom right-hand drawer.  Merry Christmas,  Mike
- Red-Neck Horse Shoes.jpg 
what is your address..I am trying to find a map..  Crissy  - TEXT.htm 
Stephanie,  Could you please give me access to all physical gas products on eol.  Thanks,  Kevin
I ported all the profiles from the current site to the new one
Thanks.
OK for me.

what's up with marking the i+2 piece of elba?  when are we going to see the p&l?
WHEN WILL WE KNOW HOW THE WINNER IS?
elequently written
I think I'll decline unless it gets her off your back. ted
Scott, Did you get in touch with Elsa? let me know.many thanks. Pablo
From the way it is looking now ... I gave my money away anyway.
we can make it earlier (4-5pm)???
Please make changes to hot list and send them back to me asap! thanks, Mara   
Well, I will tell you this has been discussed in our defense circles for sometime now..unfortunately..it may be time. Kenny
Have a great day.. ILY !! kay
Tiki Barber
why are you being so mean to me?
Please see attached and let me know if you have any comments or questions.   
Importance:	High  Does anyone have the file for Barrett Resources Corporation?  Stephanie
Importance:	High  FYI
Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308
Kate, I would be glad to look at anything you had... B
Tammie Schoppe Enron Americas-Office of the Chair Assistant to Louise Kitchen 713.853.4220 office  713.646.8562 fax 713.253.2131 mobile
Chris, Could you please provide me with the Boston Gas Differential for December? Thank you in advance. Nicole
Thanks Susan--I received it.  You were the only one who turned hers in w/out a reminder!  Tami
good move, i need to do that too!  do you have air booked too?
Personal Information:  Richard Ring 8002 Bromley Drive Houston, TX  77055 713.722.8057 (Unlisted Number)
Please prepare and e-mail a draft ISDA per terms of the attached credit worksheet.  thanks brant   
Jeff I am in agreement with you.  Talk to Pat Vaughan concerning the issue. Thanks Dan
Are you hurting this morning? Let me know what's going on tonight?
1 spot for a 132 tee time tomorrow.  Any takers?
I can go any of the 1st 3 weeks of Dec.  D
- emoticons45.gif 
No, however, I noticed this is the same day they rescheduled the Government Affairs Offsite in Portland.
Are all of these units in our database?
TJ,  What is my current balance?  Fletch
A good company on sale.  Research..   
If I can help you with any of the changes ENE is facing, let me know.  -  Greg
Please have your timesheet turned in by Friday, September 28th.  Thanks, Ava   
Thanks.  See you tomorrow night in the tahm oh.
Stay away from the Golden Gate!
www.carrerweb.com http://content.monster.com www.energyjobs.com www.dukeenergy.com www.williams.com www.reliantenergy.com www.nisource.com www.headhunter.net www.calpine.com  Kimberly Bates East Gas/Origination 713-853-5193 713-646-8453 Fax
Importance:	High  Are you comfortable that all these people can move capital $ around and release them?
Do you guys have any forms for us to pick up?  John
I like it..you first.
Looking into it
Character will come out or lack thereof. Selling other people up the river to save your own ass is wrong.
FYI.
Please find attached the contact list for the EES Crisis Team.  
what is our flight schedule for monday?
HUBRIS: The elevation of pomposity to such bloated and seemingly irrelevant levels as to transform it to stupidity.
Elliot,  Attached is an updated version of Bullet Point(s) Job Description.  Richard   
Uh..not when I came back to bed.  The score is now Craig 46,  Cara 21  LoL
Can I use you as a reference?
Margaret - I sent you this instead of Coralina.  Iris S. Waser  X3-6059  EB 4749b
Can we sneak 5 interviews per person instead of 4
Julie,  Attached is a clean and redlined revised LOI per our discussions.  Please review.   
Papa is quoted in this.  - Rob  http://biz.yahoo.com/rf/011106/n06261486_1.html  == Yahoo! Finance http://finance.yahoo.com/
Yes.  Want me to come to your desk?
Your guys need you.  I'm completely out of control!!!
Can you join me in the 4:00 pm meeting on Tuesday?  --Sally
Sean, how can we help you?  Ed Mosey
I agree that you can develop a rpeliminary assessment thru Lou and Don, as to environmental. What is social risk??
do you want to talk to this lady? i don't. rick
What do I need to do to cancel my Body Shop membership?  Thanks for your help.  Scott Neal
fyi... will talk to you tomorrow about it.
Does this look ok to you?
Our game is at 7 this week. Let me know if you're in.
Marie,  Can you please let me know which of these Agreements involve Enron Canada Corp.? Thanks.  MRC
Pat --  If you're in on Friday, let's sit down for 15.  Thanks,  Jim
What is the lowest amount on the stocks you have and how many? heart me
Price in Sitara is $2.835 and customer is saying price should be $3.835.  Please advise.
FYI
I thought you might like to see this. Love Janet
6/13 - DEAL 648796, NY TRANS ID 5062820, NY IS SHOWING 826.67 MW WHILE ENPOWER IS SHOWING 900 MW.
Attached is a revised form of affidavit.  Please review and provide any comments asap.  
I plan on attending the dinner.
This is fine.  The email address for the contact is gsavage@reverecopper.com
I'm a little nervous actually commenting that we have Shipper imbalances.  Here are my comments.   
This is to review what will be reviewed with Stan on the 12th.   cvb
Citibank just turned us down on a q3 jet swap saying Enron was at their internal credit limit.
Kevin: Are you still having problems getting the curves for crude , products and coal? Thanks Jen
Importance:	High  Our efforts to sell Pluto/MEGS to Duke
You are a riot...if I get you the Ppesche, can I at least ride in it sometime?
Left a message earlier for Alex and have not heard back.  Sara
The attached document summarizes the main tasks I did in the last weeks.   
Have we talked about this?
Our game is 9 Wednesday. Let me know if you're in.
Are you still planning to do an ETS O&M slide?  We didn't prepare an O&M slide for NBPL/NBP.
No. Do you want to get something to eat tonight?
I will be there...
Rod, I noticed that Caroline was not invited.  Should she be?
   Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308
Do you have it with you?
Greg A. Swidensky [gaswidensky@duke-energy.com]
Please forward exceptions for October 1 - 15, 2001 pay period.  Thank You, Kathy
FYI
No There.
Correct...what is a mouth burger?
Thanks. Hopefully we will have some sort of official statement today to restore confidence. Tough situation. Rick
These are the small processing plants that are tied to Northern. They are either receipts or deliveries.		Thanks		 
John,  Please provide the list of Canadian Originators.  Thank you,  Stephanie Sever 713-853-3465
Sharon with Texaco informed me this am that Dynegy will be agent on this contract beginning 4-1-02.
Are you up to speed on this?  We need to discuss.  Thanks. Lynn
Is there still room in the 03/21 class?  Thanks.
Dutch,  Attached you will find the file with the volumes.  Santiago (ext. 53561)  
Are you coming in for the game tomorrow?
Was Elizabeth Shim on the list?  I can't remember.  Mike
Ere you successful in scheduling a meeting on this/  If so, when and where will it be.  Thanks
Sorry for the confusion: The due date for the second paper is next Wed., 11/28. See you then.
I have reserved Mt. Hood at 4pm for your group. Will you need any food ordered??  Jill
what's the deal for tomorrow?
By any chance have you found my pager in your car?
Susan, Have you done any letter of credit work..please call me thks bng
I tried that to no avail. Perhaps there was a glitch. Michelle -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
I would say 1 and if necessary, we could share it. kh
I have a meeting until 4:00, how about just after that?  -Greg
We are working on your urgent request.
That's my boy!!  - kidslearnyoung.jpg 

6/8 - DEAL 642593 FOR 468 MW,  NY DOES NOT SHOW THIS.
Can you confirm that Capasso, Joe works in your group so i can give them access to the portal
please get with me tomorrow to discuss.
Importance:	High   
Attached is a draft CA.  Let me know if you have any questions.   
You failed to mention what you were doing yesterday. Trying to find the remote?
I believe so.  Is it Wed or Thurs?  I  have it as Thurs this week.  RH
Tee off is 7:52 #10 Old. That's if Allison cooperates!  t
<http://www.bestbuy.com/detail.asp?e=11064102&m=1&cat=32&scat=244>   or this is the best one for the money.   <http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B005AK8U/104-2782814-1135955>  What do you think?
Last time I checked, I was not a gentleman.
My mom sent this to me.  What do you think...?
why are you ignoring me?
Mary,   Hope she's OK.  Next week is fine.  How about Wed?   Ruby
Is this planned maint schedule for 2002?
Melba,  On location #1--I want the name to be NGPL/MANHATTEN--is this too many characters?
6468860  thanks
Please submit..   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
Carolyn, I can't make it, but I've asked Lizzette to attend in my place.  Michelle
Importance:	Low  Who is this guy.
Mr. Presto, I just added the grant dates for you(Open date)  Thanks, Hank Emery
Please submit..   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
Please submit...   Audrey D. Robertson Transwestern Pipeline Company  email address:  audrey.robertson@enron.com (713) 853-5849 (713) 646-2551 Fax
nope
Please forward exceptions for September 15 - 30, 2001 pay period.  Thank You, Kathy
FYI - see attached   

Vince and Maureen, I will contact Amy and offer to speak to the group on November 12.  Mike
We are dropping a lot of marketers. It would be nice to keep 1 or 2.
Could it be ours as well?
6/10  NY TRANS ID 50711 FOR 4 MW IS MISSING IN ENPOWER.
anyone up for some golf this weekend?  ricardo  __ Sent via the EV1 webmail system at mail.ev1.net
Agreed.  Thanks Stephanie.
The proposed purchase of PSI Net by EBS was officially killed by Skilling this morning.  David
revised.
By the way, what is POR?
fedexing 2 contracts today
Please check Tenn contract 36647 on the Demand speadsheet.  Sitara isn't matching the spreadsheet.  Thanks, Brenda
Crap?stop reading the papers?you just stop that right now.  Hey?please send me your home number.
What is the status on getting NG Energy's Contract ready?  Sylvia
Danny - What are you going to do with $1.5 billion?  Want to buy some steel?
that was a mistake.  i don't know what i was thinking.  i need to stay home.
Just making sure there are no problems with this migration.  John, did it work for Portland?  Stacey
Hi Honey,  With the Ors, have a full itenery planed, miss you. Day one is complete, No injuries
Thanks for all the updates:
WHat?
Should we work through AReM?  Jim
Louise --   Never heard from Shawn.  Any issues with me contacting on Monday?  Jim
Scott,  Please, take a look at it.  You may find it useful.  Vince
Let it rip -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld (www.BlackBerry.net)
FYI: The Calpine press release hit the wire services at 1 pm EST today.  Eric
u and what Pusse?
over the hedge, off the brick wall, nothing but neck
so that was way too early to gloat, now its going to run in my face
any update on when you will be in houston?  thanks,  scott
what is what?
Importance: High
The new data are out from the CPUC.  Only reported as of 8/31/01.   
good morning my love, i cannot oper it call me.
I sent my email before I received yours. I mispelled Oneok. Sorry about that.
Karen just got her Green Card!
I can call in.
What about Rob Alwein?
Please put Russell's info in my contacts.
Is deal 1143838 a NYMEX deal even though it has fixed commodity price?  Please advise.  Sean Riordan x54298
  Please make changes and send back to me Thanks, mara
I just got the Clay Walker tickets..thanks again.
Does it retain my custom profile?
Dutch,  Attached you will find the volumes for your NYMEX bid.  Thanks.  Santiago   
ENRONENESER
Importance: High   Thanks Chris.
fyi
the new one didn't work either.  please check with IT.
John D. Suarez Enron Broadband Services Phone: (713) 853-5267 Mobile: (713) 443-5267   <mailto:john_suarez@enron.net>
We plan to call you in your office at 9:00 tomorrow a.m.  Still OK for you?  Thanks.
Just want to make sure that Tom and Sam will be preparing these documents.   Stacey
Yep - back in the saddle again - for two weeks that is..ECN 4357
What's your fax #?
For our morning meeting.  Zakiyyah McClure Risk Analytics xt 58146
Hang in there guys.  I'm working on it.
Vince:  Zimin will be able to go and he suggested that we ask Alex, because of the college relationship?
Thanks  Louise Kitchen Chief Operating Officer Enron Americas Tel:  713 853 3488 Fax: 713 646 2308
I show you have 104 hours remaining...if you roll over 40 hours...you need = to take 8 days.  Thanks
Yes, nice wedding, saw Pendy Scott and Todd and drank too much wine.
Dinah L. Schlecht Sr. Market Services Rep. Bear Paw Energy 720-946-3694 (work) 720-530-7758 (cell)
Rod thought you might want to sit in on this meeting.  Thanks  Tracy
have you faxed the docs yet?
Not too many questions - I think just one.  What is the location?  Thanks!
Why would we be buying this as TW?
  Good Morning, Jeff Pearson asked me to send you this daily.  Jason Garvey
See Barton Creek's comments below.
Does anyone have the executed master with Societe Generale?  Please give to Brent Hendry.  Thank you!
How's Glenn doing with my binder?  Lots of Midway activity this week.  Thanks,  Kay
Uhhh, do fax copies suffice?
Hi Susan - I have a Hertz rental car voucher if you need it.  Later - Susan
Susan,  The performance book has been corrected by global counterparties.   Sorry to bother you.  KK
Please send me your home e-mail address.  Kimberly Bates East Gas/Origination 713-853-5193 713-646-8453 Fax
Importance:	High Sensitivity:	Confidential  have you run a similar analysis?  where do we go with this info?
   Kysa M. Alport Enron North America (O) 503-464-7486 (C) 503-706-5308
Sensitivity:	Confidential  Yes and am currently determining if it is the same person.
<< OLE Object: PBrush >>
what's going on over there? ch 11 soon?  __ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
(See attached file: Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0302.xls)  - Tenaska IV Est Imbalance0302.xls 
how about the black lab on montrose?

Jim:  We should schedule a time to go to lunch between now and November 12th.  - Lisa
What kind do you like and what kind do you absolutely dislike??  LU-M

AccountingStandards Board, AI01-1-000   Do you know who the appropriate accounting person for this info?
Please advise as to your approval. 
I saw you in the parking garage this morning.  So, you survived the first round, too, huh?

Thanks Chris
Dave  Are you unwinding it?
Thanks very much for the info.  Is Rick Simpson the source?
Are you still around?
I heard tomorrow.
LIBERALISM: The art of feeling superior to suburban drones and blue-collar workers through purported logic and philosophical jargon.
Are you interested?
No.  Talk with Pat Keene and/or Leslie Lawner.  We haven't done much on Arizona lately.  Jim
REMINDER:  Please e-mail to me your shirt size.  Thanks.
So, this table edit that Brett is asking me to test is really from you? =20
Carol St. Clair EB 4539 713-853-3989 (phone) 713-646-3393 (fax) 281-382-1943 (cell phone) 8774545506 (pager) 281-890-8862 (home fax) carol.st.clair@enron.com
Kim -  I made a few notes below...any enhancements?  JW
Shemin, you still stand by what you said below?
Remember that's the WSJ  -- with that op-ed, every other paper NYT etc. will pile on even harder.
thanks, I will review in detail and get back to you to discuss a plan.. bt
Didn't you tell EPSA to not use the Monarch?!
001)   Hey, I can't find steve kelly's email.  can you forward this to him?
are we letting racicot go?  (see reference to him below)
Thanks for the information.  How is everyone doing?  There are some wiped out people in Omaha.  Paul
Importance:	High  is this on the calendar?
you believe this??
ey dispute  I'll take a look at this today, Chris.
Do we have a standard letter?  MR
http://www.jcrew.com/promos/F01/friendsandfamily/friendsandfamily.jhtml  __ Get your FREE download of MSN Explorer at http://explorer.msn.com/intl.asp
No, I've been on a conference call for the past 2 hours.  What's the word?
Ed Let me know a.s.a.p. if you have any problem. I think the figures are correct. Alf
fyi.
don't forget to print out hard copy of email for file
HUBRIS: The elevation of pomposity to such bloated and seemingly irrelevant levels as to transform it to stupidity.
Thanks! I'm in Europe next week, when I get back let's get together for dinner.  Randy
What do you think about this?
Take this advice in the new year.
Do you have a picture of it you can forward over to me to look at?
I'll keep an eye on this.
I support your suggestiion.
Please advise  Thanks   Rika
Please turn in your timesheet by Firday October 12th.  Thanks, Ava   
Should we call PG&E, or do you want someone on your desk to make the call?  Chris
Best advice I've EVER been given. Now to the hard part - I have to find one.
Any interest?  Eric
best wishes to you and your daughter. jmf
Lisa, I will not be able to walk, but put me down for $25.00 for you.  Thanks. Lynn
Importance:	High  So does no response mean I have approval?
Please have your timesheet turned in by Friday, September 28th.  Thanks, Ava   
Please arrange on my schedule.  Jim
This will make you mad again.
FYI - WE'RE CHECKING ON ENTERGY
This article is a joke!  Besides, EOL always has the best bid and offer : )
Now here is fine one!
LMAO!!   That is freakin' GREAT!!   I am rolling!!   Did he ever answer that??

ILY.  WRFBDTTOLC,SDF!  SYT.  JTW.
For our call set for 3 pm CDT
Looks like Dynegy may buy us.
Support Annex   How about Thursday at 10 am?  Sara
Folks,  Who is planning on attending the virtual bidding seminar in NY?  Tom.
Gloria --  Where are we on a matrix of Utility agreements?  Jim
Please see the attached message:  Keegan Enron Wholesale Services 713-345-3317
Interested?  -Ina
Importance:	High  Our efforts to sell Pluto/MEGS to Duke
any interest?
Ran it by Leslie, OK for us!
You are the GREATEST!!  Thanks
Here's my letter.
Thanks for your help, as usual.  Sara
hey joe, where are we suppose to go and with who?( a guide?)
What time are you meeting today?  Do you want me to participate?
Importance:	High  -- Please click this Link/URL to be taken directly to the eRouteIT System ==> 
Just another day in the life of P.Love. I hope all is well. Jilly
Would this be something we would consider or do we need to suggest TW host in Houston.  ds

want to go to the stress management class with me?
Billy - I concour and agree with John's comments.  Ted
What's your fax number?
FU, u stupid b-tch.
Kevin,  Please let me know if you are interested in purchasing tickets.  Tjae
Stan:  Please have someone respond back to this.  Thanks,   Ken
Means broken and needs fixed - like your Mercedes.
Where did this article come from? Thanks.
Average or better.  Maybe different groups get notice on different days.
And you thought your brother was the die-hard liberal..
THAT SUCKS...Why the hell arent they working? Doesn't make any sense. They were all new batteries, right?
<< OLE Object: Picture (Metafile) >>
6:00 am?  Surely you jest...?
Attached is the updated list of master netting agreement assignments.  		 
- RESEARCH ENHANCEMENT GROUP - ENE.doc 
fyi  just in case  Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
The report named: East P/L Totals <http://trv.corp.enron.com/linkFromExcel.asp?report_cd=1&report_name=East+P/L+Totals&category_cd=1&category_name=EAST&toc_hide=1&sTV1=1&TV1Exp=Y&current_efct_date=11/27/2001>, published as of 11/27/2001 is now available for viewing on the website.
Stacy:  	Please send me copies and I will see what I can figure out.  Jeff
Lou and Jim - Stress must affect spelling.  INTERNATIONAL SYMBOL FOR STRESS   construction.gif
A raise for permanently killing our bid offer income?
You getting these?  You care?
so your proposing we are going to the stabbing cabin. go to tampico
Is this taking the place of the TL Meeting?
Thanks for sending this to me.
FYI.   Pat, you think Ose would run with this? Seems like potentially explosive stuff.  Best, Jeff
Fab, thanks!
Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi LeBrocq 3-3835
you the man
Timesheets are due Wednesday, October 31st please try to turn in timesheets before deadline.  Thanks, Ava   
You'll love this!
Can you guys handle this in my absence
Importance:	High  Are you still going to be making a presentation?
Shelley, would you like one of these corp MasterCard's?  Thank you, Ricki
Guys - any volunteers or should we "draw straws"
FYI   John D. Suarez Enron Broadband Services (713) 853-5267 work (713) 443-5267 mobile (877) 597-0646 pager email: john.suarez@enron.com
Thanks.  What size t-shirt?
Brent:  I assume you reviewed.  Sara
how reliable a source.
FYI.
Susan and I are on the case.  Are you still in DC?
Everything OK here now?  GP
Not in the near future -- Sent from my BlackBerry Wireless Handheld
I was planning on it, but when is it ?
Please let me know if Dan should attend.  Rika
We need to discuss the timing and requirements here before I send this to anyone else.  Thanks
So, do you mean we have to call EVERY hour?
Marie,  There are no attachments, please resend  Thanks  Jim
Does this work for you for Darren's replacement?
I need to reschedule this afternoons call.  What about Monday morning after 9:00?
Not only have I seen it, I have also taken credit for it.
Really?  Any terms of the deal disclosed?
Will do.
  Holly Keiser Enron Wholesale Services Legal Department Phone: 713-345-7893 Fax: 713-646-3490 Location: EB 3887 Holly.Keiser@enron.com
Good op ed piece.
I'm definately not going to support you on this.  Just Kidding
Lets meet for breakfast on friday as soon as it opens.
I always thought we were your problem children.
I'll get something to you today.  Eric
Regards,  Anita DuPont Enron Research Group 713-853-0329 EB 1969
Interested, or do you want to send anyone?
Thank you!
Please have timesheets turned in by Monday December 31st.  Thanks, Ava   
- ENRON-New Power UCC Ex. A Collateral.DOC 
Susan, per your request.  Deb  
where did mertz shoot his?
Hi Darron, We could meet tomorrow - 9am; 10am or 1pm? Happy Thanksgiving week, Birgit.
Importance:	High
Timesheets for 8/16-8/31 time period are due August 31st before noon.  Thanks, Ava   
Great job..  Thanks
Chris  don't do it!!! KEEP THE ALGEBRAIC MEAN SEQUENCED DRAFT ORDER.
9:30 AM works for me.  I will inform Hoang and Demetrics.
Should I go?
FYI.
I see you have already calendared, so I have RSVP's for you to Loreyna Garcia this a.m.
Importance:	High  I missed you again.  Sorry.   Its for the am, can you make it?
Yes, but Vish made the changes in Table Edit.  : - )  Will
stick it! FROSTED FUCK!
Got it. Thanks. As I start a draft of plan A, any boilerplate or anything we should incorporate.
Just making sure there are no problems with this migration.  John, did it work for Portland?  Stacey
Treasa,=20  Both the MS and the CSFB confirms in word format.=20  Regards   
Would you ever have a need to schedule anything for you on this floor?
What do we do about the Pipelines?  Do we include them in our Customer phases?  Thanks, Mike
Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi Lebrocq 3-3835
Can we get this?
Do you want to do this?  Jim
DO YOU WANT ME TO NOMINATE YOU FOR THIS?
It was a BMW and they are paying me more than I paid in Calgary 3 years ago.
Paul,  so what company are you with now?  Hopefully not with the State...Hope alls well.  lisa
Good news.
Which meeting works for you?  Thursday is better for me.
No, I've been on a conference call for the past 2 hours.  What's the word?
Attached is the updated list.   		 
I suggest someone from Enron definitely attend.
Here are my thoughts.  Use as you see fit.  Jim   
ey dispute  Thank you
FYI.
I also heard a rumor of an all-employee meeting (ie, those who survive the first cut)
The proposed purchase of PSI Net by EBS was officially killed by Skilling this morning.  David
FYI
Here you go.  Call with questions.
what a strange name for a company...but I shouldn't talk!!!
Ed Let me know a.s.a.p. if you have any problem. I think the figures are correct. Alf
why is this being sent to me?
see the file attached below.  .  - C.htm 
Wanna go?
Congratulations
Way to keep your turf...would you trade it for a $80 ENE price??  Paul
What's on the menu?
Count me in. I'll give 10 and enron will match
Maggie --  You may want to attend - Global Markets?  Jim
Your the best! Thanks Kevin
did this come to your Enron.com address?
Wanna move to Portland?
how about deep pocket??  you're too cute! :-) kd
bored, would you like to come to work with me
Are you going to handle this? PL
Monika, Did you forget to attach the spreadsheet?  Thanks,  Dan Temple
What time do you need to be in New Orleans that day?  -Ina
So sorry .. I thought we had you on this list!   Take care, Misha
Bill - would you have any interest in receiving this?
The idea was to rank no more than 5 using 1-5 with 1 being the most importa= nt to you.
I am sure you already know this - you owe me for babysitting fees!
Claudette -  Do you have a fax number?  I'd like to fax you something.
have you faxed the docs yet?
Have you read these policies?  We have a long way to go to get them to understand this business..
fyi if you want to come, I invited my whole group. PL
Can you handle this -
Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi LeBrocq 3-3835
Jack Anthony Lavorato just arrived weighing in at 7lbs 11oz.  Dina and Jack (and John ) doing well.
I told Gloria. :-)
Thanks!  Have a Happy Easter!
Ed Let me know a.s.a.p. if you have any problem. I think the figures are correct. Alf
My info is correct.  Michelle
Did you see this?   Lorna
FYI
yes, excellent.  thanks - i will review.
The correct fax number for the T&E card applications is (713) 646-6040 slb
fyi.
Should we use a process of elimination to work out who is in Newco?
Please see attached.  Regards,  Wendi LeBrocq 3-3835
I really enjoyed this and thought all of you might too!
Note the new ATC features below.
THAT SUCKS...Why the hell arent they working? Doesn't make any sense. They were all new batteries, right?
I'm still in for golf if you are.  I'll bring some knitting in case you decide to bail...
Happy to confirm this deal closed about an hour ago.  We rec'd $135,000,000.  EDD
u guys really coming up.  that's great.  how long u staying?
I will be I my office.  (763)241-2490
Garrett, I take that these are your mids. Where would your 3yr two-way be?
fyi, Dave
I heard tomorrow.
and Clayton Research.
AND ALL THAT GREEN SHIT THAT WAS GROWING WILL DIE, AS WILL SOME DEER COME THE WEEKENED OF THE 15TH
So, this table edit that Brett is asking me to test is really from you? =20
Please provide us with a copy of the filing and maps.  Neutral intervention will be fine,
Here's one law firm we want to make sure we never use -- it's Baker and McKenzie, not Baker Botts.
FYI
That's so sweat!
Monday  =20
Please advise if you are interested or should I forward to Steve Hotte for consideration?
Thanks for the note..do you know Fiona's phone number?
Dorie, pls hold 6 tickets for me for the Sunday event. =20  Thanks, BT  =20
Tony, call Rebekah at the number below. kh
FYI - WE'RE CHECKING ON ENTERGY
Monday   Comnes will be sending it in a minute or two.
FYI:
Importance:	High
Are you in ???  Meredith and I have already paid.
Very interesting email.  Did you send to Jim Bryja?
Your leaving Friday? =20
bumpy times.  gonna take alot of work to come back.  i'll fill you in some time.
We're engaged...
Let's set up the meetings.  Don't you think?  Jim
fyi  just in case  Elizabeth Sager 713-853-6349
You called me hun!
and Clayton Research.
Is this case consolidated as well as the others? Rick
[IMAGE]   to unsubscribe. =09  [IMAGE]
and Clayton Research.
how reliable a source.
Care to attend?  GP
yes
remax wrote the report
I need to reschedule this afternoons call.  What about Monday morning after 9:00?
What do you think about coping profiles from US Benzene Fin Swap?  Thanks, Stephanie
The filing (non-environmental only) is 384 pages.  Does everyone need a copy, or just you?
Monday   Ray and Alan.
Am I holding them or do you definitely want them?
Interesting letter below:
per our conversation.  thanks guys.
Monday   Comnes has a copy; I'll walk over and ask him to send it to you.
Good news.
I think the west may pass you guys.
+ All yours.  Mark and I are out.  GP
I thought he knew this... they are to prepare the filings, correct?
What have you done with Loretta?
Monday   Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story?  415.782.7854.
Monday   Could we get a copy of the letters referenced in the story?  415.782.7854.
Should we participate? If so, who would write it?
Am I holding them or do you definitely want them?
FYI.  WUFBR,SMATB.  ILY.  SYT.  JTW.
What have you done with Loretta?
Attached is the report I mentioned to you as one of the reasons for the ENE decline.   Eric
This is amusing.   Chris Calger 503-464-3735
John thought this was interesting.  You got any rotten tomatoes on your floor?
I heard tomorrow.
Monday   Ray and Alan.
If you or someone in your EWS is hiring attorney's pass on this info.   	Thanks.
here you go. 
More info from Boilermakers
Done.
And you thought your brother was the die-hard liberal..
Good work.  Who was Enron's negotiator in all of this?  GAC
Level
couldn't happen to a nicer guy  Chris Calger 503-464-3735
FYI -  See attached. =20  Rose =20
Could you please get Marcus Nettelton added to this.
Do you have the dial-in number to listen to the FERC meeting?
=09You may have already read this but thought I'd forward on just in case. =  MW
Vince:  This is the gentleman that wants to meet with you on the 29th?
Tushar,  Are you on the distribution list for these news clips?  Paul
read it. no real opinion.
This will make you mad again.

FYI.
LAN OF REORGANIZATION=20
IBW.COM]   ug...this day is taking forever...absolutely nothing going on here.
